Di GiorGio School DiStrict
Educating childrEn SincE 1897
DD GG SS
ii iioorrGGiioo cchhooooll
Published April 2006
School Accountability Report Card
A Report of 2022-23 Activity Published in January 2024
Superintendent/principal MeSSage
Student Enrollment by
Di Giorgio School
Welcome to Di Giorgio Elementary School. This Student Group and Grade Level
Grades K-8 school report card provides information to 2022-23
Jennifer Allen parents and the community about our school’s
Superintendent/Principal achievements, resources, students, and staff. We % of Total
hope that this information will clarify our programs
19405 Buena Vista Blvd. Student Group Enrollment Grade Level #
and our goals. Di Giorgio has a tradition of
Arvin, CA 93203 Female 50.2% TK 11
academic excellence, with highly skilled and
(661) 854-2604 dedicated staff providing the rigorous curriculum Male 49.8% Kindergarten 17
Grade 1 28
that your child deserves. Reading is our focus,
Non-Binary 0.0% Grade 2 21
and we pledge to you that all students will learn
American Indian or
to read by third grade. We believe that Di Giorgio 0.0% Grade 3 26
Alaskan Native
Di Giorgio School District students can and will excel in an environment that Grade 4 28
is tailored to their evolving needs. Asian 0.0%
Governing Board Grade 5 15
Black or African
0.0% Grade 6 24
Theresa Vietti-Herrera diStrict & School American
Filipino 0.0% Grade 7 27
Laura Lee Kirkley deScription
Hispanic or Latino 96.9% Grade 8 25
Steven Murray
Di Giorgio School District is a small, rural single- Native Hawaiian or
0.0%
school district which serves students in grades Pacific Islander
K-8. The school is located in the town of Arvin, Two or More Races 0.0%
District Administration about 25 miles southeast of Bakersfield. During
the 2022-23 school year, 229 students were White 3.1%
Jennifer Allen enrolled; 38.4% qualified for English Learner English Learners 38.4%
support, 3.9% receive special education services,
Superintendent/Principal Foster Youth 0.0%
5.7% migrant education, and 100% qualified for
free or reduced-price meals. All staff members Homeless 0.0%
Ryan Lubatti support the school’s mission to provide a Migrant 5.7%
challenging curriculum in a safe, nurturing
Socioeconomically
Chief Business Official environment where academic, social, and 100.0%
Disadvantaged Total Enrollment
personal needs are met.
Students with 229
Contents Students and staff work very hard to increase Disabilities 3.9%
achievement test scores to meet state and federal
Principal’s Message
proficiency targets. The academic focus is on
District & School Description reading, writing, and math, employing research- local control
Parent Involvement based strategies in a standards-based
curriculum. Di Giorgio School places a strong accountability
Student Achievement emphasis on intervention; quickly identifying
School Facilities & Safety areas of weakness to deliver an instructional
plan (lcap)
solution that encourages academic success.
Classroom Environment As part of the new Local Control Funding
Curriculum & Instruction The campus environment embraces a college Formula, school districts are required to
bound atmosphere which is demonstrated in the develop, adopt, and annually update a three-
Professional Staff classrooms with the display of many college year Local Control and Accountability Plan
District Expenditures banners. Students are invited to attend field trips (LCAP). The following components of this
to local colleges and universities and explore the SARC address some of the priorities identified
SARC Data & Internet Access
many options available to them in the future. in the District’s LCAP:
Conditions of Learning (Basic Services) – State
MiSSion StateMent Priority 1: Degree to which teachers are
appropriately assigned and fully credentialed in
To provide each student the opportunity to the subject areas and for the pupils they are
develop intellectually, emotionally, physically and teaching; pupils have access to standards-
socially in a safe and orderly environment. aligned Instructional materials and school
facilities are maintained in good repair. Covered
in Teacher Assignment, including the Teacher
Credentials & Misassignments chart;
Instructional Materials, including the Textbooks
chart; and School Facilities & Maintenance,
including the Campus Description and School
Facility Good Repair Status charts.
Di Giorgio School 1 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
Conditions of Learning (Implementation of State (PTF), and District English Learner Advisory Assessments (CAAs) for students with the most
Standards) – State Priority 2: Implementation Council provide opportunities for parents to take significant cognitive disabilities. Only eligible
of academic content and performance an active role in the decision-making process. Di students may participate in the administration of
standards adopted by the state board for all Giorgio School’s main event (a long-standing the CAAs. CAAs items are aligned with
pupils. Not covered in the School Accountability tradition for over 65 years) is the annual spring alternative achievement standards, which are
Report Card. BBQ. Students, their families, and the Arvin linked with the Common Core State Standards
community are invited to the picnic to enjoy fun (CCSS). CAASPP results are a measure of how
Parental Involvement – State Priority 3: Efforts activities in celebration of the school’s many well students are mastering California’s
to seek parent input in decision making, successes. standards in English language arts/literacy
promotion of parent participation in programs (ELA) and mathematics, and are given to grades
for unduplicated pupils and special need All school-to-home communication is provided in three through eight and grade eleven. SBAC
subgroups. Covered in Parent Involvement. both English and Spanish. Teachers contact tests assess student performance in ELA/
Pupil Achievement – State Priority 4: parents directly to share student achievements Literacy and mathematics utilizing computer-
Performance on standardized tests, score on or discuss concerns. Parents are strongly adaptive tests and performance tasks, and
Academic Performance Index, share of pupils encouraged to attend parent conferences held CAAs test items are aligned with alternative
that are college and career ready, share of twice a year to obtain important information achievement standards which are linked with the
English learners that become English proficient, about their child’s progress and discuss future Common Core State Standards (CCSS).
goals. The school’s website features general
English learner reclassification rate, share of information about the school, teachers, The CAASPP results shown in this report
pupils that pass Advanced Placement exams programs, and educational resources. Parents include overall results comparing the school,
with a 3 or higher, and share of pupils who would like more information about Di Giorgio district and state scores as well as the school’s
determined prepared for college by the Early School or are interested in participating in its overall score in each applicable subgroup.
Assessment Program. Covered in California learning community may contact the school Results are shown only for subgroups with ten
Assessment of Student Performance and office or principal at (661) 854-2604. students or more taking the exam. For those
Progress, including the CAASPP charts. categories that are blank in the tables, no
Engagement (Pupil Engagement) – State students met subgroup criteria. More information
Priority 5: School attendance rates, chronic Student achieveMent on CAASPP can be found on the California
absenteeism rates, middle school dropout rates, Department of Education’s website www.cde.
high school dropout rates, and high school california aSSeSSMent of Student ca.gov/ta/tg/ca/.
graduation rates. Covered in Dropout Rates, perforMance and progreSS
including the Dropout chart; and Graduation The California Assessment of Student diStrict benchMark aSSeSSMentS
Rates, including the Graduation Rate chart for Performance and Progress (CAASPP) System Di Giorgio School District administers its own set
high schools only. includes the Smarter Balanced Summative of student assessments (“benchmarks”) to
School Climate – State Priority 6: Pupil Assessments (SBAC) for students in the general evaluate instructional programs and measure
suspension rates, pupil expulsion rates, other education population, and the California Alternate student proficiency using Houghton Mifflin
local measures including surveys of pupils, and
parents and teachers on the sense of safety and California Assessment of Student Performance and Progress Test Results in Science
school connectedness. Covered in Discipline
& Climate for Learning, including Suspension & All Students
Expulsion chart; and School Site Safety Plan. Percentage of Students Meeting or Exceeding the State Standards
Conditions of Learning (Course Access) – State Di Giorgio School DSD CA
Priority 7: Pupil enrollment in a broad course of
21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23
study that includes all of the subject areas. Not
covered in the School Accountability Report Science (Grades 5, 8, & 10) 19.57 6.98 19.57 6.98 29.47 30.29
Card. Note: Science test results include the CAST and the CAA for Science. The “Percent Met or Exceeded” is calculated by taking the total
number of students who met or exceeded the standard on the CAST plus the total number of students who met the standard (i.e.,
Other Pupil Outcomes – State Priority 8: Pupil
achieved Level 3-Alternate) on the CAA for Science divided by the total number of students who participated in a science assessment.
outcomes in the subject areas. Covered in
Physical Fitness, including the Physical Fitness
Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this
Test chart.
category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
parent involveMent The number of students tested includes all students who participated in the test whether they received a score or not; however, the
number of students tested is not the number that was used to calculate the achievement level percentages. The achievement level
Parents are encouraged to be involved in their percentages are calculated using only students who receive scores.
child’s learning environment by attending school
events, serving on a school committee, and CAASPP Test Results in Science by Student Group (Grades 5, 8, & High School)
volunteering at the school. Staff welcome
parents’ assistance in the classroom, library, 2022-23
CampKeep chaperones, and with field trips.
The following is a list of wonderful experiences Total Number Percent Percent Not Percent Met or
for parents to interact with school staff while Enrollment Tested Tested Tested Exceeded
supporting their child’s efforts:
All Students Tested 43 43 100.00% 0.00% 6.98%
• Athletic Events Female 16 16 100.00% 0.00% 12.50%
• Back to School Night
Male 27 27 100.00% 0.00% 3.70%
• Di Giorgio Play Day
American Indian or Alaskan Native
• Family Picnic Days
Asian
• Kids’ Live
Black or African American -- -- -- -- --
• Latino Family Literacy
Filipino
• Open House
• Oral Language Festival Hispanic or Latino 40 40 100.00% 0.00% 5.00%
• Parent Education Classes Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
• Pee Wee Olympics Two or More Races
• Pennies for Patients White -- -- -- -- --
• Project ALERT English Learners 18 18 100.00% 0.00% 0.00%
• Red Ribbon Program Foster Youth
• Running for Ronald (Bakersfield’s Ronald Homeless
McDonald House) Military
• Sixth Grade Camp Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 43 43 100.00% 0.00% 6.98%
• Student Performances
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services -- -- -- -- --
The School Site Council, Community School Students with Disabilities -- -- -- -- --
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or less, either because the number of students in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or
Advisory Council, Parent Teacher Friends
to protect student privacy.
Di Giorgio School 2 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
CAASPP Test Results in ELA & Mathematics by Student Group (Grades 3-8 & High School)
2022-23
English Language Arts/Literacy Mathematics
Total Enrollment Number Tested Percent Tested Pe T rc e e s n te t d Not o P r e E rc x e c n e t e M de e d t Total Enrollment Number Tested Percent Tested Pe T rc e e s n te t d Not o P r e E rc x e c n e t e M de e d t
All Students Tested 152 152 100.00% 0.00% 25.00% 152 152 100.00% 0.00% 11.84%
Female 67 67 100.00% 0.00% 34.33% 67 67 100.00% 0.00% 14.93%
Male 85 85 100.00% 0.00% 17.65% 85 85 100.00% 0.00% 9.41%
American Indian or Alaskan Native
Asian
Black or African American -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Filipino
Hispanic or Latino 143 143 100.00% 0.00% 25.17% 143 143 100.00% 0.00% 11.89%
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
Two or More Races
White -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
English Learners 50 50 100.00% 0.00% 6.00% 50 50 100.00% 0.00% 0.00%
Foster Youth
Homeless
Military
Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 152 152 100.00% 0.00% 25.00% 152 152 100.00% 0.00% 11.84%
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services 11 11 100.00% 0.00% 18.18% 11 11 100.00% 0.00% 9.09%
Students with Disabilities -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
ELA and mathematics test results include the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessments and the CAA. The “Percent Met or Exceeded” is calculated by taking the total number of students who met or exceeded the standard on the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessment plus the total
number of students who met the standard (i.e., achieved Level 3-Alternate) on the CAA divided by the total number of students who participated in both assessments.
Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
The number of students tested includes all students who participated in the test whether they received a score or not; however, the number of students tested is not the number that was used to calculate the achievement level percentages. The achievement level percentages are calculated
using only students who received scores.
School facilitieS
California Assessment of Student Performance and Progress & Safety
Test Results in English Language Arts/Literacy (ELA) and Mathematics in Grade Eleven
School facilitieS
Percentage of Students Meeting or Exceeding the State Standards
Di Giorgio School provides a safe, clean
Di Giorgio School DSD CA
environment for learning through proper facilities
21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23 maintenance and campus supervision. Ongoing
English-Language Arts/Literacy 30 25 30 25 47 46 maintenance and improvements ensure campus
Mathematics 13 12 13 12 33 34 facilities remain up to date and provide adequate
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this category space for students and staff.
is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
2022-23 Campus Improvements:
ELA and mathematics test results include the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessments and the CAA. The “Percent Met or Exceeded” is • Install new HVAC system for cafeteria
calculated by taking the total number of students who met or exceeded the standard on the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessment plus the
total number of students who met the standard (i.e., achieved Level 3-Alternate) on the CAA divided by the total number of students who 2023-24 Planned Campus Improvements:
participated in both assessments. • Install new HVAC system for auditorium and
cafeteria
California Physical Fitness Test Results
• Addition of two classrooms, student restrooms,
2022-23 and staff restrooms
% of Students Tested Campus Description
Year Built 1897
Acreage 33
Abdominal Trunk Extensor Upper Body
Strength and and Strength and Strength and Bldg. Square Footage 27,655
Aerobic Capacity Endurance Flexibility Endurance Flexibility Quantity
Grade Level # of Permanent Classrooms 6
Fifth 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% # of Portable Classrooms 8
Seventh 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% # of Restrooms (student use) 5 sets
Note: The administration of the PFT during 2021-22 and 2022-23 school years, only participation results are Auditorium 1
required for these five fitness areas. Cafeteria 1
Library 1
Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the
number of students in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy. Staff Lounge/Lunch Room 1
Harcourt, and Renaissance Learning resources. Benchmark assessments are in alignment with
California State Content Standards and Frameworks. Benchmark assessments for English/language
arts and math are administered four times a year to all students in grades K-8. Test results are used
to 1) help teachers identify areas where instruction may or may not be effective, 2) guide classroom
instruction, and 3) identify students who need targeted academic assistance or intervention.
phySical fitneSS
In the spring of each year, Di Giorgio School is required by the state to administer a physical fitness
test to all students in both fifth and seventh grades. The physical fitness test (PFT) for students in
California schools is the FITNESSGRAM®. The main goal of the test is to help students in starting
life-long habits of regular physical activity.
The FITNESSGRAM® has six parts, though California currently requires five parts be completed
annually, that show a level of fitness that offer a degree of defense against diseases that come from
inactivity. The test results can be used by students, teachers, and parents. Comparative District and
state results can be found at the CDE’s web site www.cde.ca.gov/ta/tg/pf/.
Di Giorgio School 3 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
caMpuS SuperviSion
As students arrive on campus each morning, a
Item Inspected
yard duty aide supervises playground activities
until classes begin. Breakfast is available in Most Recent Inspection Date: their classroom each morning. During recesses August 29, 2023
and lunch, two yard duty aides supervise
students in the cafeteria and on the playground.
When students are dismissed at the end of the
day, they are escorted to the bus area. Teachers
remain in the loading zones until buses depart
to ensure students leave campus safely. When
the “late bus” arrives at 4:00 p.m. for students
who remained after-school for extracurricular
and extended-learning activities, teacher
supervision ensures a safe student departure.
Throughout the day, the superintendent/
principal assists with student supervision.
Each class is equipped with an alarm system.
The principal, custodians, yard duty aides, bus
manager, and office clerk carry cell phones at
all times to facilitate routine and emergency
communications.
Di Giorgio School is a closed campus. During
school hours, visitors are required to check in
at the front office upon arrival and departure responsible for daily cleaning of the cafeteria, Progressive disciplinary measures begin in the
and wear a visitor’s badge during their stay. common areas, and restrooms. Both day classroom when students are disruptive or
custodians share responsibilities for landscaping demonstrating poor citizenship. Students who
School Site Safety plan
and groundskeeping maintenance. The principal continue to make poor choices in conduct are
The Comprehensive School Site Safety Plan communicates with the lead custodian daily to referred to the principal. For students who
was originally developed for Di Giorgio School discuss cleaning needs, maintenance projects, develop frequent instances of disruptive
in collaboration with local agencies and district and safety concerns. Emergency situations are behavior, the principal, the student’s teacher and
administration to fulfill Senate Bill 187 given high priority and resolved immediately by parent, and the student work together to develop
requirements. Components of this plan include custodial staff. a unique behavior contract which is a five-step
child abuse reporting procedures, teacher process to correct inappropriate conduct.
Every morning before school begins, the day
notification of dangerous pupil procedures, Consequences and disciplinary action are
custodian inspects school facilities for safety
disaster response procedures, procedures for based upon the student’s past behavioral trend
hazards and maintenance issues that require
safe arrival and departure from school, sexual and severity of infraction. Discipline measures
attention before staff and students arrive on
harassment policy, dress code policy, and bully are consistently applied in a fair and firm
campus. Any graffiti or signs of vandalism are
prevention policy. Di Giorgio School’s most manner.
removed immediately. Restrooms are checked
current school safety plan was reviewed,
two to three times a day for cleanliness and Classroom management policies are combined
updated, and discussed with school staff in Fall
cleaned if needed. During the 2022-23 school with Positive Behavior Intervention and Support
2023.
year, 100% of restrooms were fully operational to foster a secure, family-style atmosphere for
Campus culture promotes a secure learning and available for student use at all times. students and staff. Behavior expectation posters
environment that encourages mutual respect, are posted around the campus and are focused
safe and healthy relationships, dignity, and facilitieS inSpectionS on the following:
equality. Character and anti-bullying lessons The principal and school staff continually monitor
A - Always Safe
are reinforced daily in and outside the the campus and its surrounding areas as a
classroom environment. The superintendent/ proactive measure in keeping facilities safe and R - Respectful
principal maintains an open-door policy for clean. Teachers and the custodian conduct
students and parents to report unacceptable weekly safety inspections which include an M - Make Good Choices
behavior. Bullying and harassment are not examination of playground equipment. Schools O - On Task
tolerated. The district has employed policies, are required on an annual basis to conduct a
procedures, and practices to reduce and formal inspection of designated areas and R - Responsible
eliminate bullying and harassment as well as systems as required by state law to report the Students collect Dragon Scales which are
the means to address such incidents when they condition of their facilities. handed out by staff for good behavior/choices
occur. Students and their parents receive
information annually regarding district policies Di Giorgio School’s most recent inspection took and these scales can be used at Di Giorgio’s
concerning anti-bullying and harassment. place on August 29, 2023; the School Facility PBIS Award Store to purchase items.
Parents may visit the district’s website or Good Repair Status table illustrated in this report School rules and behavior expectations are
contact the superintendent/principal for more identifies the state-required inspection areas and explained in the student handbook which is
information about the district’s bully prevention discloses the operational status in each of those given to students and parents at the beginning
policy or Uniform Complaint Procedures. areas. of the school year. During the first week of
school and thereafter as needed, the principal
c
Di
a
G
M
io
p
rg
u
io
S
S
M
ch
a
oo
in
l is
t e
pr
n
o
a
ud
n
o
c
f
e
its high standards
claSSrooM environMent v
g
i
r
s
a
i
d
ts
u a
e
t
a
io
c
n
h c
re
la
q
s
u
s
ir
r
e
o
m
om
en
t
t
o
s ,
d
i
i
n
sc
c
u
e
s
n
s
ti v
s
e
c h
p
o
r
o
o
l
g r
r
a
u
m
les
s
,
,
regarding campus maintenance and general and consequences for poor conduct.
housekeeping practices. Staff and students diScipline & cliMate for learning
enjoy the benefits of having a well-maintained Di Giorgio School takes great pride in its chronic abSenteeiSM
campus. discipline plan which is fair, restorative, and The chart in this report identifies the chronic
Di Giorgio School’s custodial staff are qualified consistent. Staff strongly believe that students absenteeism rates by student group for DiGiorgio
and equipped to handle routine cleaning needs, have the right to a safe learning environment that School for the 2022-23 school year. A “chronic
general maintenance, and minor repairs. is free from disruptions. Each student is given the absentee” has been defined in EC Section
Following a standard cleaning schedule, two responsibility to help create and maintain a safe, 60901(c)(1) as “a pupil who is absent on 10
full-time day custodians, and one part-time day stimulating learning environment. Realizing that percent or more of the school days in the school
custodian are responsible for keeping the students forget or have difficulty making good year when the total number of days a pupil is
campus clean and fully operational. Three full- choices, Di Giorgio School’s discipline model absent is divided by the total number of days the
time day custodians are responsible for offers students the opportunity to evaluate and pupil is enrolled and school was actually taught in
maintenance projects and repairs; larger correct unacceptable behaviors, restoring the the regular day schools of the district, exclusive
projects are typically outsourced to third party classroom to a safe and enriching learning of Saturdays and Sundays.”
environment.
trade specialists. One day custodian is
Di Giorgio School 4 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
dooG riaF rooP
School Facility Good Repair Status
Repair Status
Repair Needed and
Action Taken or Planned
Systems 
Interior Surfaces 
Cleanliness 
Electrical 
Restrooms/Fountains 
Safety 
Structural 
External 
Overall Summary of School Facility Good Repair Status
Exemplary Good Fair Poor
Overall Summary 
Rating Description:
Exemplary: The school meets most or all standards of good repair. Deficiencies noted, if any, are not significant and/or
impact a very small area of the school.
Chronic Absenteeism by Student Group (2022-23)
claSS Size
The Average Class Size and Class Size
Chronic Chronic Chronic Distribution table in this report illustrates the
Student Group Cumulative Absenteeism Absenteeism Absenteeism distribution of class sizes by grade level, the
Enrollment Eligible Count Rate average class size, and the number of classes
Enrollment that contain 1-20 students, 21-32 students, and
33 or more students.
All Students 251 248 42 16.9%
Female 122 120 15 12.5% Average Class Size and
Male 129 128 27 21.1% Class Size Distribution
Non-Binary 2020-21
American Indian or Alaska Native Average
Asian Class Number of Classes*
Grade Level Size 1-20 21-32 33+
Black or African American 2 2 2 100.0%
K 13.0 2
Filipino 1 25.0 1
Hispanic or Latino 237 236 40 16.9% 2 24.0 1
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 3 11.0 1
Two or More Races 4 20.0 1
White 12 10 0 0.0% 5 26.0 1
6 22.0 1
English Learners 96 95 14 14.7%
2021-22
Foster Youth 2 2 0 0.0%
K 16.0 1 1
Homeless 1 19.0 1
Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 250 248 42 16.9% 2 25.0 1
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services 18 18 4 22.2% 3 24.0 1
Students with Disabilities 13 12 0 0.0% 4 15.0 1
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of 5 19.0
students in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy. 6 27.0 1
2022-23
Suspensions and Expulsions K 18.0 1 1
1 28.0 1
Di Giorgio School DSD CA
2 21.0 1
20-21 21-22 22-23 20-21 21-22 22-23 20-21 21-22 22-23 3 26.0 1
4 28.0 1
Suspensions 0.45% 0.00% 0.40% 0.45% 0.00% 0.40% 2.45% 3.17% N/A
5 15.0 1
6 24.0 1
Expulsions 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.05% 0.07% N/A
*Number of classes indicates how many classes fall
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this category is too into each size category (a range of total students per
small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy. class).
Di Giorgio students participate in regional
Suspensions & Expulsions by Student Group (2022-23) ** "Other" category is for multi-grade level classes.
contests every year and have typically done very
Student Group Susp
R
e
a
n
t
s
e
ions Exp
R
u
a
ls
te
ions well. Students represent Di Giorgio School at the curriculuM &
Henry Greve Speech Contest, Bank of America
All Students 0.40% 0.00% Essay/Speech Contest, and History Day. inStruction
Female 0.00% 0.00%
Male 0.78% 0.00% Student recognition
inStructional MaterialS
Non-Binary 0.00% 0.00%
Students are given many opportunities to earn
American Indian or Alaska Native 0.00% 0.00% recognition for demonstrating good citizenship or All textbooks used in the core curriculum
Asian 0.00% 0.00% meeting academic goals. throughout Di Giorgio School are being aligned
Black or African American 0.00% 0.00% with the California State Standards. Instructional
Filipino 0.00% 0.00% • Reading is highly emphasized at Di Giorgio materials for grades K-8 are selected from the
Hispanic or Latino 0.42% 0.00% School; teachers have created incentive state’s most recent list of standards-based
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 0.00% 0.00% programs to promote reading at school and at materials and adopted by the State Board of
Two or More Races 0.00% 0.00% home. Students may earn and accumulate points Education.
White 0.00% 0.00% for the books that they read. As they reach On September 20, 2023 the Di Giorgio School
English Learners 0.00% 0.00% designated goals, they are rewarded with a District’s Governing Board held a public hearing
Foster Youth 0.00% 0.00% collector’s “dog tag” for their efforts. to certify the extent to which textbooks and
Homeless 0.00% 0.00% • Once a trimester, students achieving Honor instructional materials have been provided to
Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 0.40% 0.00% Roll, Principal’s List, and Perfect Attendance are students. The Governing Board adopted
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services 0.00% 0.00% recognized at an awards ceremony. Resolution #1 which certifies as required by
Education Code §60119 that 1) textbooks and
S N t o ud te e : n D ts o w u it b h l e D i d s a ab s i h li e tie s s (--) appear in the table wh 0 e . n 0 0 th % e number o 0 f . 00% • At the end of the year, Accelerated Reader instructional materials were provided to all
students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this trophies are given out, along with Battle of the students, including English learners, in the
category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy. Books and Perfect Attendance awards. district to the extent that each pupil has a
• A coin distributed for positive behavior which textbook or instructional materials, or both, to use
extracurricular activitieS can be used to purchase a book from the book in class and to take home to complete required
vending machine. homework assignments, and 2) sufficient
Students are encouraged to get involved in textbooks and instructional materials were
enrichment programs, extracurricular activities, • A special field trip (Honor Trip) is taken to go provided to each student, including English
and sports programs. Responsible students bowling, a BBQ (all day event) is held for all learners, that are consistent with the cycles and
may enroll in leadership class held during students, and eighth grade students attend a field content of the curriculum frameworks adopted by
school hours; participants visit colleges and trip to Magic Mountain at the end of the year. the State Board of Education in math, science,
universities. Intramural sports are incorporated history-social science, health, reading/language
into physical education classes. Enrichment • Students are recognized monthly on Fridays for arts, including the English language development
activities during and after school include: art, a Perfect Attendance award. component of an adopted program. The district’s
Battle of the Books, and Pee Wee Olympics. visual and performing arts programs are
Di Giorgio School 5 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
embedded into the K-8 curriculum through
Textbooks
interactive and hands-on activities; textbooks or
supplementary materials is are not required for Percent of Pupils
instruction. Who Lack Their Own
From Most Assigned Textbooks
Staff developMent
Year Recent State and/or Instructional
All training and curriculum development at Di Adopted Adoption? Publisher and Series Materials
Giorgio School District revolves around the
Reading/Language Arts
California State Standards. Staff development
concentrations are selected by the school 2016 Yes Houghton Mifflin; Journeys 0%
administration and all teaching staff using 2016 Yes Houghton Mifflin; Collections 0%
results from SBAC assessments; CAASPP
assessments; ELPAC assessments; DIBELS Math
formative assessments; Renaissance Learning, 2015 Yes Houghton Mifflin Harcourt; GO Math 0%
Symphany Math and McDougal Littell Math
proprietary assessments. 2015 Yes Houghton Mifflin Harcourt; Big Ideas Math 0%
During the 2021-22, 2022-23, and 2023-24 Science
school years, Di Giorgio School encouraged 2019 Yes National Geographic: Exploring Science 0%
teachers to participate in staff training activities
held on minimum days and sub-release time. 2019 Yes Pearson: Life and Physical Science 0%
2021-22 Staff Development Topics:
• English Learner Strategies Social Science
• Multi-Tiered Systems of Supports (MTSS) 2018 Yes Pearson Scott Foresman; California History-Social 0%
Implementation Science: myWorld Interactive
2022-23 Staff Development Topics: 2018 Yes National Geographic: National Geographic World 0%
• Multilingual Learners History
• Professional Learning Communities (PLCs)
• Thinking Maps
lessons in accordance with district technology are responsible for reviewing and approving the
curriculum standards. Kindergarten thru eighth annual budget, school site plan, and school
2023-24 Staff Development Topics:
grade classes each have an interactive SMART safety plan.
• English Language Learner Strategies (Project
TV which is used to enhance class lessons
GLAD) Parents, teachers, and classified staff collaborate
through graphics presentations. All teachers
• Instructional Strategies three times a year as the District English Learner
have access to two document cameras and two
• Literacy Advisory Council. Members of this team monitor
LCD projectors. Di Giorgio has updated all
• Professional Learning Communities (PLCs) categorical funds, increase participation of EL
computers with Windows 10 software in order to
students’ parents in the education process,
All instructional aides and the librarian are have access to the most current technology increase awareness of post-graduation activities
invited to participate in staff development available. and help with the transition from elementary
activities to help them better understand and
support the school’s curriculum. Di Giorgio
School leaderShip school to high school.
School’s support staff receive safety and job- Leadership is a responsibility shared among the Specialized inStruction
related training at the county office of education. Superintendent/Principal, leadership team, and
parents. The Superintendent/Principal, Mrs. All curriculum and instruction is being aligned
library reSourceS Jennifer Allen, is responsible for the day-to-day with the California State Standards approved by
The school library is staffed by one classified operations of the school, overall instructional the State Board of Education. Every child
staff member who serves as a part-time library program, and supervision of certificated staff. receives a rigorous, well-balanced standards-
aligned curriculum. Di Giorgio School structures
clerk and part-time instructional aide. The Superintendent/Principal Allen has been in the its educational program so that all students
library clerk meets with a certificated librarian educational field for over 23 years, and began receive instruction appropriate to their learning
who is on contract in order to come up with a her second year as Superintendent/Principal of level. To ensure the success of every student,
school library plan and improvements needed Di Giorgio in the 2023-24 school year. Previous teachers use a variety of instructional techniques
each year. Di Giorgio School has contracted positions include a K-8 teacher, a Special using research-based instructional materials and
with the librarian to create a school library plan Education teacher, Vice Principal, Principal, and strategies.
to meet the needs of the students. English and Assistant Superintendent. Professional
Spanish titles are available for students to check certifications include: Students identified as English Learners (EL) are
out. Supplemental resources include DVD’s, placed with a teacher who has been certified to
encyclopedias, magazines, video cassettes, • Masters in Educational Leadership teach English learners. Instructional support is
Accelerated Reader, Reading Passport, and • Bachelor’s Degree in Liberal Studies provided in and outside the general education
books on tape (for English learners). Six • Clear Multiple Subject Teaching classroom. One full-time resource specialist and
computers with Internet access are available in Credential two bilingual aides support EL students who are
the library and generally used for Accelerated • Clear Mild-Moderate Education at the beginning stages of learning the English
Reader testing and research. Students visit the Specialist Credential language. EL students receive a minimum of 30
library one to two times a week with their class • Clear Administrative Services minutes of English Language Development (ELD)
and may visit the library independently during Credential instruction per day provided by the bilingual
open library time. Reading is highly emphasized resource specialist and classroom teachers as
Di Giorgio School’s Leadership Team is
through the Accelerated Reader program and part of English/language arts, Corrective
comprised of the Superintendent/Principal, Ryan
participation in regional spelling bees and Reading, Language for Learning, and Language
Lubatti (Chief Business Official), a teacher
writing contests. for Writing curricula. ELD instruction focuses on
representative for grades K-2, one representative
oral language development, reading skills, and
technology reSourceS for grades 3-5, and one representative for grades vocabulary development. As students increase
6-8. Team members meet approximately once a
Kindergarten thru eighth grade has 200 fluency in the English language, teachers
month to address schoolwide issues, student
Chromebooks and equates to a one to one ratio; continue to monitor student performance through
achievement, and staff development needs.
Chromebooks are sent home on an as-needed ELPAC results and adjust instruction as needed
Grade level representatives serve as a liaison
basis. Teachers use iPads to facilitate the to ensure continued success.
between the principal and grade level teams as
integration of technology-based learning
well as lead program implementation efforts. Di Giorgio School offers many programs to
applications to enhance lesson delivery.
support students not meeting grade level
Classroom computers are used for Accelerated The School Site Council (SSC) is comprised of
proficiency standards. Intervention and
Reader, word processing, research, skill- the Superintendent/Principal, classified staff,
remediation programs are provided during school
building activities, and Lexia Reading (online/ teachers, and parents. The SSC meets once
hours. The principal and classroom teachers
self-paced intervention and remediation each quarter and takes an advisory role in
meet regularly to evaluate student progress and
program). Teachers determine the best methods evaluating school programs and progress in
to identify students performing below grade level
to integrate technology into reading, math, meeting school goals. Team members serve as
proficiency standards. Identified students are
language arts, science, and social science liaison between the school and community and
Di Giorgio School 6 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
then placed in a supplemental program that fits
their academic needs and learning levels. Teachers Without Credentials and Misassignments
Intervention strategies include: (Considered "Ineffective" under ESSA) / 2020-21 2021-22
Authorization/Assignment
• Reading: struggling readers, including EL and
special education students, participate in a 30 Permits and Waivers 2 0
minute per day intervention in lieu of regular
Misassignments 0 0
language arts instruction. Students receive
small group instruction outside the general Vacant Positions 0 0
education classroom and from instructional
Total Teachers Without Credentials and Misassignments 2 0
aides, the librarian, or teachers. Instruction
focuses on increasing reading comprehension
skills, reading fluency, and decoding skills.
Credentialed Teachers Assigned Out-of-Field
• Tutoring: students may elect to take advantage 2020-21 2021-22
of free tutoring services provided by four (Considered "out-of-Field" under ESSA) / Indicator
teachers, three days a week from 3-4pm. For
more information, parents may contact the Credentialed Teachers Authorized on a Permit or Waiver 0 0
principal or their child’s teacher.
Local Assignment Options 0 0
• Reading Buddies: students in grades 5-8 are
Total Out-of-Field Teachers 0 0
paired with an elementary student (K-4) to either
read to the student or listen to a story. (Reading
Buddies enrichment takes place weekly in an
Class Assignments / Indicator 2020-21 2021-22
intervention elective class.)
• Math Intervention: During school hours, Misassignments for English Learners (a percentage of all the classes 0 0
with English learners taught by teachers that are misassigned)
students who are performing below grade level
standards are provided additional help and
No credential, permit or authorization to teacher (a percentage of all
instruction in their math curriculum. the classes taught by teachers with no record of an authorization to 20 0
• Teachers employ strategies and incorporate teach)
activities to help prepare students for high
Note: For more information, refer to the Updated Teacher Equity Definitions web page at
school and college. Students are introduced to
https://www.cde.ca.gov/pd/ee/teachereqauitydefinitions.asp
and practice efficient note taking, organization
skills, and effective reading techniques. School Year 2020-21
The special education program is staffed by a Teacher Preparation and Placement / School School District District State State
resource specialist teacher and four resource Authorization/Assignment # % # % # %
specialist aides. Instruction is provided in the
Fully (Preliminary or Clear) Credentialed for
least restrictive environment and based on each
Subject and Student Placement (properly 7 77.78 7 77.78 228366.1 83.12
student’s Individual Education Plan (IEP). assigned)
Students have access to a comprehensive
Intern Credential Holders Properly Assigned 0 0 0 0 4205.9 1.53
curriculum and are mainstreamed into the
general education classroom with in-class Teachers Without Credentials and
2 22.22 2 22.22 11216.7 4.08
support by special education staff. The IEP Misassignments ("ineffective" under ESSA)
team meets annually to 1) establish goals and
Credentialed Teachers Assigned Out-of-Field
objectives, 2) define academic instruction, 3) 0 0 0 0 12115.8 4.41
("out-of-field" under ESSA)
evaluate the effectiveness of the student’s plan,
and 4) make adjustments as necessary. Di Unknown 0 0 0 0 18854.3 6.86
Giorgio School District is a participating member Total Teaching Positions 9 100 9 100 274759.1 100
of the Kern County Special Education Local
Plan Area (SELPA), which serves a total of 49
school districts in Kern County. The SELPA School Year 2021-22
affords participating school districts and other Teacher Preparation and Placement / School School District District State State
county programs to pool resources and Authorization/Assignment # % # % # %
expertise in the field of special education.
Fully (Preliminary or Clear) Credentialed for
profeSSional Staff Subject and Student Placement (properly 8 88.89 8 88.89 234405.2 84
assigned)
teacher preparation Intern Credential Holders Properly Assigned 1 11.11 1 11.11 4853 1.74
The charts below identify the number of
Teachers Without Credentials and
teachers at Di Giorgio School, District, and the Misassignments ("ineffective" under ESSA) 0 0 0 0 12001.5 4.3
State who are 1) fully credentialed; 2) intern
credential holders who are properly assigned; Credentialed Teachers Assigned Out-of-Field 0 0 0 0 11953.1 4.28
3) teachers without credentials and ("out-of-field" under ESSA)
misassignments; and 4) credentialed teachers Unknown 0 0 0 0 15831.9 5.67
who are assigned out-of-field under ESSA. Total Teaching Positions 9 100 9 100 279044.8 100
The charts also reports Di Giorgio School’s Note: The data in this table is based on Full Time Equivalent (FTE) status. One FTE equals one staff member working full time; one
information related to 1) the number of teachers FTE could also represent two staff members who each work 50 percent of full time. Additionally, an assignment is defined as a
on permits and waivers; 2) the number position that an educator is assigned to based on setting, subject, and grade level. An authorization is defined as the services that an
educator is authorized to provide to students.
misassigned; 3) the number of vacant positions;
4) the number of credentialed teachers
authorized on a permit or waiver; 5) the number
of local assignment options; 6) the percent of
misassignments for English Learners; and 7)
the percent with no credential, permit or
authorization to teach.
Di Giorgio School 7 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
counSeling & Support ServiceS Staff • Special Education
Academic Counselors and
• State COVID Relief Funding
Di Giorgio School makes every effort to meet Other Support Staff • State Lottery
the academic, emotional, and physical needs
of its students. Counseling support is provided 2022-23 • Title I
by the principal and teachers. • Title II
No. of • Title IV
Di Giorgio School acquires highly qualified Staff FTE*
nonteaching support staff as needed through Sarc data
the Kern County SELPA for: Academic Counselor 0 0.0
• Health services Library Clerk 1 0.5 dataQueSt
• Occupational therapy Nurse (Thru KCSOS) As needed DataQuest is an online data tool located on the
• Adapted and physical therapy Speech & Language Specialist CDE DataQuest web page at http://dq.cde.
• Psychological services 1 0.25
(Contract Service) ca.gov/dataquest/ that contains additional
• Vision, orientation, and mobility services
information about Di Giorgio Elementary
EL Coordinator 1 1.0
Di Giorgio School’s Community Values Program School and comparisons of the school to the
is designed to strengthen students’ Counselor (Contract Service) As needed district and the county. DataQuest is a dynamic
connectedness to school, which is an important *One Full Time Equivalent (FTE) equals one staff system that provides reports for school
element for increasing academic motivation and member working full time; one FTE could also accountability (e.g., test data, enrollment, high
achievement and for reducing drug use, represent two staff members who each work 50% of school graduates, dropouts, course
violence, and delinquency. The Caring School full time. enrollments, staffing and data regarding
Community employs a cross-age mentoring English learners).
approach to foster caring relationship through
by pairing older and younger students for Teacher and Administrative Salaries california School daShboard
academic and recreational activities.
2021-22 The California School Dashboard
(Dashboard) www.caschooldashboard.org/
diStrict expenditureS reflects California’s new accountability and
continuous improvement system and provides
State Average
Salary & budget coMpariSon
of Districts in
information about how LEAs and schools are
meeting the needs of California’s diverse
State law requires comparative salary and DSD Same Category
student population. The Dashboard contains
budget information to be reported to the
Beginning Teacher Salary 50,158 48,481 reports that display the performance of LEAs,
general public. For comparison purposes, the
State Department of Education has provided Mid-Range Teacher Salary 69,145 73,129 schools, and student groups on a set of state
and local measures to assist in identifying
average salary data from school districts Highest Teacher Salary 88,508 99,406
strengths, challenges, and areas in need of
having similar average daily attendance Percentage of Budget For: improvement.
throughout the state. In accordance with Ed
Teacher Salaries 28.5 29.34
Code 41409.3, single school districts are not Administrative Salaries 5.26 5.99 internet
required to disclose principal and
Internet access is available at public libraries
superintendent salaries. For detailed information on salaries, see the CDE Certificated
and other locations that are publicly accessible
Salaries & Benefits Web page at http://www.cde.ca.gov/ds/fd/cs/.
expenditureS per Student (e.g., the California State Library). Access to
the Internet at libraries and public locations is
For the 2021-22 school year, Di Giorgio School District spent an average of $15,879 of total
generally provided on a first-come, first served
general funds to educate each student (based on 2021-22 audited financial statements and in
basis. Other use restrictions may include the
accordance with calculations defined in Education Code §41372). The table in this report 1)
hours of operation, the length of time that a
compares the school’s per pupil expenditures from unrestricted (basic) and restricted
workstation may be used (depending on
(supplemental) sources with other schools in the state, and 2) compares the average teacher
availability), the types of software programs
salary at the school site with average teacher salaries at the state level. Detailed information
available on a workstation and the ability to
regarding salaries and expenditures can be found at the CDE website at www.cde.ca.gov/ds/fd/
print documents.
ec/ and www.cde.ca.gov/ds/fd/cs/. (The figures shown in the table below reflect the direct cost
of educational services, per ADA, excluding food services, facilities acquisition and construction,
and certain other expenditures.)
diScloSure
The statistical information disclosed in
Expenditures Per Pupil and School Site Teachers Salaries
this report is obtained from the California
2021-22 Department of Education and the Di Giorgio
Dollars Spent Per Student Elementary School District. At the time of
publication, this report met all SARC-related
state and federal requirements, using the
State Average for
most current data available. Data to prepare
Districts of Same % Difference -
the instructional materials sections and the
Expenditures Per Pupil Di Giorgio School Size and Type School and State
school facilities sections was acquired in
Total Restricted and Unrestricted 18,646 N/A N/A September 2023.
Restricted (Supplemental) 7,620 N/A N/A
Unrestricted (Basic) 11,027 7,607 145.0%
Average Teacher Salary 93,085 75,753 N/A
Note: Cells with N/A values do not require data.
In addition to general fund state funding, Di Giorgio School District receives state and federal
categorical funding for special programs. For the 2021-22 school year, the district received
federal, state, and local aid for the following categorical, special education, and support programs:
• Child Development
• Child Nutrition: Food Service Staff Training Funds
• Child Nutrition: Kitchen Infrastructure Upgrade Funds
• COVID Relief Fundings
• Education Protection Account
• Educator Effectiveness
• Expanded Learning Opportunities Program
• Lottery: Instructional Materials
• Other Federal Funds
Di Giorgio School 8 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
