Beverly Hills Unified School District
El Rodeo
Sch ool
2022-23 Annual School Accountability Report Card
A Report of 2022-23 Activity Published in January 2024
El Rodeo School
Grades TK-5 District Description
605 North Whittier Drive
Beverly Hills Unified School District is located in the western portion of Los
Beverly Hills, CA 90210
Angeles, just below the Santa Monica mountains and next door to West
(310) 229-3670
Hollywood. More than 3,200 students in grades transitional kindergarten
through twelve receive a rigorous, standards-based curriculum from
dedicated and highly qualified professionals. The district is comprised of
Board of Education three elementary schools, one middle school, one comprehensive high
Dr. Amanda Stern, President school, and one continuation high school.
Rachelle Marcus, Vice President
Mary Wells, Clerk District Mission
Judy Manouchehri, Member Educational Excellence.
Noah Margo, Member
Sofia Lifson, Student District Vision
Board Member Our students will realize their full potential to thrive with integrity in a
complex, changing world.
District Administration
School Description
Dr. Michael Bregy
Superintendent El Rodeo Elementary School is located in the western region of the district.
The school remains closed under construction during the 2022-23 school year
Raphael Guzman
and, therefore, there were no students enrolled to report. The school site is
Assistant Superintendent,
expected to complete modernization projects and reopen for the 2024-25
Business Services
school year.
Dustin Seemann
Assistant Superintendent,
Education Services Local Control Accountability Plan (LCAP)
Laura Collins-Williams As part of the Local Control Funding Formula, school districts are required
Assistant Superintendent, to develop, adopt, and annually update a three-year Local Control and
Student Services Accountability Plan (LCAP).
The SARC provides the following information relevant to the State priority:
Dr. Matt Horvath
Basic (Priority 1)
Assistant Superintendent,
Personnel Services • Degree to which teachers are appropriated assigned and fully
credentialed in the subject area and for the pupils they are teaching;
• School facilities are maintained in good repair
Contents
The SARC provides the following information relevant to the State priority:
Principal’s Message
Pupil Achievement (Priority 4)
District & School Description
• Statewide assessments (i.e., California Assessment of Student
Local Control Accountability Plan (LCAP)
Performance and Progress (CAASPP) System, which includes the
Parent Involvement
Smarter Balanced Summative Assessments for students in the general
Student Achievement
education population and the California Alternate Assessments (CAAs)
School Facilities & Safety
for English language arts/literacy (ELA) and mathematics given in
Classroom Environment
grades three through eight and grade eleven. Only eligible students
Curriculum & Instruction
may participate in the administration of the CAAs. CAAs items are
Professional Staff
aligned with alternative achievement standards, which are linked with
District Expenditures
the Common Core State Standards (CCSS) for students with the most
SARC Data & Access
significant cognitive disabilities); and
El Rodeo Elementary School 1 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
• The percentage of students who
Student Achievement
have successfully completed
courses that satisfy the
Physical Fitness
requirements for entrance to
In the spring of each year, El Rodeo Elementary School is required by the state
the University of California and
to administer a physical fitness test to all students in fifth grade. The physical
the California State University,
fitness test (PFT) for students in California schools is the FITNESSGRAM®. The
or career technical sequences or
main goal of the test is to help students in starting life-long habits of regular
programs of student.
physical activity.
The SARC provides the following
information relevant to the State The FITNESSGRAM® has six parts, though California currently requires five
priority: Other Pupil Outcomes parts be completed annually, that show a level of fitness that offer a degree
(Priority 8) of defense against diseases that come from inactivity. The test results can be
used by students, teachers, and parents. Comparative District and state
• Pupil outcomes in the subject area
results can be found at the CDE’s web site www.cde.ca.gov/ta/tg/pf/. There is
of physical education
no data to report as the school was closed during the 2022-23 school year for
The SARC provides the following modernization.
information relevant to the State
priority: Parental Involvement
(Priority 3) California Assessment of Student Performance and Progress (CAASPP)
The California Assessment of Student Performance and Progress (CAASPP)
• Efforts the school district makes
System includes the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessments (SBAC) for
to seek parent input in making
students in the general education population, and the California Alternate
decisions for the school district
Assessments (CAAs) for students with the most significant cognitive
and each school site
disabilities. Only eligible students may participate in the administration of the
The SARC provides the following CAAs. CAAs items are aligned with alternative achievement standards, which
information relevant to the State are linked with the Common Core State Standards (CCSS). CAASPP results are
priority: Pupil Engagement (Priority a measure of how well students are mastering California’s standards in English
5) language arts/literacy (ELA) and mathematics, and are given to grades three
• High school dropout rates; and through eight and grade eleven. SBAC tests assess student performance in
• High school graduation rates ELA/Literacy and mathematics utilizing computer-adaptive tests and
performance tasks, and CAAs test items are aligned with alternative
The SARC provides the following
achievement standards which are linked with the Common Core State
information relevant to the State
Standards (CCSS).
priority: School Climate (Priority 6)
The CAASPP results nclude overall results comparing the school, district and
• Pupil suspension rates;
state scores as well as the school’s overall score in each applicable subgroup;
• Pupil expulsion rates; and
however, there is no data to report as the school remained closed in the 2022-
• Other local measures on the sense
23 school year for modernization. Results are shown only for subgroups with
of safety
ten students or more taking the exam. For those categories that are blank in
the tables, no students met subgroup criteria. More information on CAASPP
can be found on the California Department of Education’s website www.cde.
ca.gov/ta/tg/ca/.
El Rodeo Elementary School 2 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
Internet
School Facilities & Safety
Internet access is available at public
School Site Safety Plan libraries and other locations that
The Comprehensive School Site Safety Plan was developed for El Rodeo are publicly accessible (e.g., the
School in collaboration with local agencies and the district office to fulfill California State Library). Access to
Senate Bill 187 requirements. Components of this plan include child abuse the Internet at libraries and public
reporting procedures, teacher notification of dangerous pupil procedures, locations is generally provided on a
disaster response procedures, procedures for safe arrival and departure from first-come, first served basis. Other
school, sexual harassment policy, and dress code policy. The school, when use restrictions may include the
open, prepares a school site safety plan which is approved by School Site hours of operation, the length of
Council and the BHUSD board prior to March 1st of each year when it is open time that a workstation may be used
and students are attending the school. (depending on availability), the types
of software programs available on a
Measure E & Measure BH Bonds workstation and the ability to print
In November 2008, the Beverly Hills community approved a $334 million documents.
general obligation bond (Measure E) to facilitate modernization and safety-
Disclosure
related upgrades of Beverly Hills Unified School District’s elementary and
The statistical information disclosed
high school facilities. In June 2019, the Beverly Hills community approved a
in this report is obtained from the
$385 million general obligation bond (Measure BH) to continue the
California Department of Education
modernization and safety-related upgrades of Beverly Hills Unified School
and the Beverly Hills Unified School
District’s elementary, middle and high school facilities that began as a result
District. At the time of publication,
of Measure E. This bond will finish out the work identified in that bond project
this report met all SARC-related state
and allow the opportunity to start new work that the Measure E bond was
and federal requirements, using the
unable to fund.
most current data available. Data to
During the 2021-22 through 2023-24 school years, complete modernization
prepare the instructional materials
and renovation of the entire campus continues and is expected to be
sections was acquired in October
completed in June 2024.
2023 and the school facilities section
was acquired in December 2023.
Professional Staff
Teacher Preparation and Credential
There is no data to report for the 2022-23 school year as El Rodeo School was
closed for modernization.
Support Services Staff
There is no data to report for the 2022-23 school year as El Rodeo School was
closed for modernization.
SARC Data
DataQuest
DataQuest is an online data tool located on the CDE DataQuest web page at
http://dq.cde.ca.gov/dataquest/ that contains additional information about El
Rodeo Elementary School and comparisons of the school to the district and
the county. DataQuest is a dynamic system that provides reports for school
accountability (e.g., test data, enrollment, high school graduates, dropouts,
course enrollments, staffing and data regarding English learners).
California School Dashboard
The California School Dashboard (Dashboard) www.caschooldashboard.
org/ reflects California’s new accountability and continuous improvement
system and provides information about how LEAs and schools are meeting
the needs of California’s diverse student population. The Dashboard
contains reports that display the performance of LEAs, schools, and student
groups on a set of state and local measures to assist in identifying strengths,
challenges, and areas in need of improvement.
El Rodeo Elementary School 3 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
El Rodeo Elementary School 4 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
