LCFF Budget Overview for Parents
Local Educational Agency (LEA) Name: Oasis Charter Public
CDS Code: 27659616025977
School Year: 2022-23
LEA contact information:
Fernando Elizondo
Interim Executive Director
fernandoelizondo@oasischarterschool.org
831-424-9003
School districts receive funding from different sources: state funds under the Local Control Funding Formula
(LCFF), other state funds, local funds, and federal funds. LCFF funds include a base level of funding for all LEAs
and extra funding - called "supplemental and concentration" grants - to LEAs based on the enrollment of high
needs students (foster youth, English learners, and low-income students).
Budget Overview for the 2022-23 School Year
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 1 of 62
This chart shows the total general purpose revenue Oasis Charter Public expects to receive in the coming year
from all sources.
The text description for the above chart is as follows: The total revenue projected for Oasis Charter Public is
$3274292, of which $2,128,021 is Local Control Funding Formula (LCFF), $295,747 is other state funds,
$119,330 is local funds, and $731,194 is federal funds. Of the $2,128,021 in LCFF Funds, $539,857 is
generated based on the enrollment of high needs students (foster youth, English learner, and low-income
students).
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 2 of 62
LCFF Budget Overview for Parents
The LCFF gives school districts more flexibility in deciding how to use state funds. In exchange, school districts
must work with parents, educators, students, and the community to develop a Local Control and Accountability
Plan (LCAP) that shows how they will use these funds to serve students.
This chart provides a quick summary of how much Oasis Charter Public plans to spend for 2022-23. It shows
how much of the total is tied to planned actions and services in the LCAP.
The text description of the above chart is as follows: Oasis Charter Public plans to spend $3,294,059 for the
2022-23 school year. Of that amount, $539,857 is tied to actions/services in the LCAP and $2,754,202 is not
included in the LCAP. The budgeted expenditures that are not included in the LCAP will be used for the
following:
All budget expenditures are included in the budgeted expenditures.
Increased or Improved Services for High Needs Students in the
LCAP for the 2022-23 School Year
In 2022-23, Oasis Charter Public is projecting it will receive $539,857 based on the enrollment of foster youth,
English learner, and low-income students. Oasis Charter Public must describe how it intends to increase or
improve services for high needs students in the LCAP. Oasis Charter Public plans to spend $539,857 towards
meeting this requirement, as described in the LCAP.
Oasis Charter Public intends to improve students services for high needs students identified in the LCAP by offering
intervention for students in ELA and math during the school day. This intervention will be targeting student who are
in one of the identified subgroups. Oasis will hire staff specifically to assist in intervention. Additionally, Oasis will
offer tutoring opportunities for students after school and virtually. Scheduling this time for students will increase the
success rate. Parent workshops and training is also a need to support our identified foster, EL, and low-income
student population. Working with the families empowers students to feel supported at home as well as school.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 3 of 62
LCFF Budget Overview for Parents
Update on Increased or Improved Services for High Needs
Students in 2021-22
This chart compares what Oasis Charter Public budgeted last year in the LCAP for actions and services that
contribute to increasing or improving services for high needs students with what Oasis Charter Public estimates
it has spent on actions and services that contribute to increasing or improving services for high needs students in
the current year.
The text description of the above chart is as follows: In 2021-22, Oasis Charter Public's LCAP budgeted $314080
for planned actions to increase or improve services for high needs students. Oasis Charter Public actually spent
$314080 for actions to increase or improve services for high needs students in 2021-22.
The difference between the budgeted and actual expenditures of $0 had the following impact on Oasis Charter
Public’s ability to increase or improve services for high needs students:
N/A
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 4 of 62
Supplement to the Annual Update to the 2021–22 Local Control and
Accountability Plan
Local Educational Agency (LEA) Name Contact Name and Title Email and Phone
Oasis Charter Public Fernando Elizondo fernandoelizondo@oasischarterschoo.org
Interim Executive Director (831)424-9003
California’s 2021–22 Budget Act, the federal American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, and other state and federal relief acts have provided local
educational agencies (LEAs) with a significant increase in funding to support students, teachers, staff, and their communities in recovering
from the COVID-19 pandemic and to address the impacts of distance learning on students. The following is a one-time mid-year report to the
local governing board or body and educational partners related to engagement on, and implementation of, these Acts.
A description of how and when the LEA engaged, or plans to engage, its educational partners on the use of funds provided through the
Budget Act of 2021 that were not included in the 2020–21 Local Control and Accountability Plan (LCAP).
Educational partners were involved (or will be involved) in the development of
the funds provided through the Budget Act of 2021 (Educator Effectiveness
Grant, Additional 15% Concentration Add On) through the following ways:
* Family Meetings, such as OCC
* UCEN School Board Meeting in December 2021
* Staff Meetings
*School events
* Google Surveys
* Future LCAP Meetings
A description of how the LEA used, or plans to use, the additional concentration grant add-on funding it received to increase the number of
staff who provide direct services to students on school campuses with an enrollment of students who are low-income, English learners, and/or
foster youth that is greater than 55 percent.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 5 of 62
Oasis did not receive any concentration funding.
A description of how and when the LEA engaged its educational partners on the use of one-time federal funds received that are intended to
support recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and the impacts of distance learning on pupils.
Oasis engaged educational partners on the use of one-time federal funds, SPECIFICALLY
ESSER III FUNDS, received that are intended to support recovery from the COVID-19
pandemic and the impacts of distance learning on students in the following ways:
* Parent/family meetings
* UCEN board meetings
* Google Surveys
* Staff meetings
A description of how the LEA is implementing the federal American Rescue Plan Act and federal Elementary and Secondary School
Emergency Relief expenditure plan, and the successes and challenges experienced during implementation.
Oasis has made it a priority to keep the Oasis community safe. The ESSER III Expenditure Plan includes PPE,
Counseling & Mental Health Services for both staff & students, and Social-Emotional learning.
THE CHALLENGES WE HAVE EXPERIENCED IN IMPLEMENTATION ARE:
• Supply chain shortages and shipping delays
• Hiring of administrative, certificated and classified staff
• Behavioral Issues increase
THE SUCCESSES WE HAVE EXPERIENCED DURING IMPLEMENTATION ARE:
• Positive outcomes with behavioral interventions via Love and Logic
• Staff team building at mental health retreat
• Counseling services helping both students and staff
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 6 of 62
A description of how the LEA is using its fiscal resources received for the 2021–22 school year in a manner that is consistent with the
applicable plans and is aligned with the LEA’s 2021–22 LCAP and Annual Update.
Oasis WILL CONTINUE TO ENSURE CONTINUITY OF SERVICES, ENSURE SAFETY OF
IN-PERSON INSTRUCTION, ADDRESS LOSS OF INSTRUCTIONAL TIME (ESSER III
Expenditure Plan), align with the 2021/22 LCAP and Annual Update in the following
ways:
• Providing mental health services and social-emotional learning
• Intervention, targeted support, and extended learning
• Family workshops for community engagement and support
• Benchmark Assessments via NWEA MAP Growth
Instructions for the Supplement to the Annual Update for the 2021–22 Local
Control and Accountability Plan Year
For additional questions or technical assistance related to the completion of the Supplement to the Annual Update to the 2021–22 Local
Control and Accountability Plan (LCAP), please contact the local county office of education (COE), or the California Department of Education’s
(CDE’s) Local Agency Systems Support Office, by phone at 916-319-0809 or by email at lcff@cde.ca.gov.
Introduction
California’s 2021–22 Budget Act, the federal American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, and other state and federal relief acts have provided local
educational agencies (LEAs) with a significant increase in funding to support students, teachers, staff, and their communities in recovering
from the COVID-19 pandemic and to address the impacts of distance learning on students. Section 124(e) of Assembly Bill 130 requires LEAs
to present an update on the Annual Update to the 2021–22 LCAP and Budget Overview for Parents on or before February 28, 2022, at a
regularly scheduled meeting of the governing board or body of the LEA. At this meeting, the LEA must include all of the following:
• The Supplement to the Annual Update for the 2021–22 LCAP (2021–22 Supplement);
• All available mid-year outcome data related to metrics identified in the 2021–22 LCAP; and
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 7 of 62
• Mid-year expenditure and implementation data on all actions identified in the 2021–22 LCAP.
When reporting available mid-year outcome, expenditure, and implementation data, LEAs have flexibility to provide this information as best
suits the local context, provided that it is succinct and contains a level of detail that is meaningful and accessible for the LEA’s educational
partners.
The 2021–22 Supplement is considered part of the 2022–23 LCAP for the purposes of adoption, review, and approval, and must be included
with the LCAP as follows:
• The 2022–23 Budget Overview for Parents
• The 2021–22 Supplement
• The 2022–23 LCAP
• The Action Tables for the 2022–23 LCAP
• The Instructions for the LCAP Template
As such, the 2021–22 Supplement will be submitted for review and approval as part of the LEA’s 2022–23 LCAP.
Instructions
Respond to the following prompts, as required. In responding to these prompts, LEAs must, to the greatest extent practicable, provide succinct
responses that contain a level of detail that will be meaningful and accessible for the LEA’s educational partners and the broader public and
must, to the greatest extent practicable, use language that is understandable and accessible to parents.
In responding to these prompts, the LEA has flexibility to reference information provided in other planning documents. An LEA that chooses to
reference information provided in other planning documents must identify the plan(s) being referenced, where the plan(s) are located (such as
a link to a web page), and where in the plan the information being referenced may be found.
Prompt 1: “A description of how and when the LEA engaged, or plans to engage, its educational partners on the use of funds provided
through the Budget Act of 2021 that were not included in the 2020–21 Local Control and Accountability Plan (LCAP).”
In general, LEAs have flexibility in deciding what funds are included in the LCAP and to what extent those funds are included. If the LEA
received funding through the Budget Act of 2021 that it would have typically included within its LCAP, identify the funds provided in the Budget
Act of 2021 that were not included in the LCAP and provide a description of how the LEA has engaged its educational partners on the use of
funds. If an LEA included the applicable funds in its adopted 2021–22 LCAP, provide this explanation.
Prompt 2: “A description of how LEA used, or plans to use, the concentration grant add-on funding it received to increase the number of staff
who provide direct services to students on school campuses with an enrollment of students who are low-income, English learners, and/or
foster youth that is greater than 55 percent.”
If LEA does not receive a concentration grant or the concentration grant add-on, provide this explanation.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 8 of 62
Describe how the LEA is using, or plans to use, the concentration grant add-on funds received consistent with California Education Code
Section 42238.02, as amended, to increase the number of certificated staff, classified staff, or both, including custodial staff, who provide
direct services to students on school campuses with greater than 55 percent unduplicated pupil enrollment, as compared to schools with an
enrollment of unduplicated students that is equal to or less than 55 percent.
In the event that the additional concentration grant add-on is not sufficient to increase the number of staff providing direct services to students
at a school with an enrollment of unduplicated students that is greater than 55 percent, describe how the LEA is using the funds to retain staff
providing direct services to students at a school with an enrollment of unduplicated students that is greater than 55 percent.
Prompt 3: “A description of how and when the LEA engaged its educational partners on the use of one-time federal funds received that are
intended to support recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and the impacts of distance learning on pupils.”
If the LEA did not receive one-time federal funding to support recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and the impacts of distance learning on
students, provide this explanation.
Describe how and when the LEA engaged its educational partners on the use of one-time federal funds it received that are intended to support
recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and the impacts of distance learning on students. See the COVID-19 Relief Funding Summary Sheet
web page (https://www.cde.ca.gov/fg/cr/relieffunds.asp) for a listing of COVID-19 relief funding and the Federal Stimulus Funding web page
(https://www.cde.ca.gov/fg/cr/) for additional information on these funds. The LEA is not required to describe engagement that has taken place
related to state funds.
Prompt 4: “A description of how the LEA is implementing the federal American Rescue Plan Act and federal Elementary and Secondary
School Emergency Relief expenditure plan, and the successes and challenges experienced during implementation.”
If an LEA does not receive ESSER III funding, provide this explanation.
Describe the LEA’s implementation of its efforts to maintain the health and safety of students, educators, and other staff and ensure the
continuity of services, as required by the federal American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, and its implementation of the federal Elementary and
Secondary School Emergency Relief (ESSER) expenditure plan to date, including successes and challenges.
Prompt 5: “A description of how the LEA is using its fiscal resources received for the 2021–22 school year in a manner that is consistent with
the applicable plans and is aligned with the LEA’s 2021–22 LCAP and Annual Update.”
Summarize how the LEA is using its fiscal resources received for the 2021–22 school year to implement the requirements of applicable plans
in a manner that is aligned with the LEA’s 2021–22 LCAP. For purposes of responding to this prompt, “applicable plans” include the Safe
Return to In-Person Instruction and Continuity of Services Plan and the ESSER III Expenditure Plan.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 9 of 62
California Department of Education
November 2021
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 10 of 62
Local Control Accountability Plan
The instructions for completing the Local Control and Accountability Plan (LCAP) follow the template.
Local Educational Agency (LEA) Name Contact Name and Title Email and Phone
Oasis Charter Public Fernando Elizondo FernandoElizondo@oasischarterschool.org
Interim Executive Director 831-424-9003
Plan Summary [2022-23]
General Information
A description of the LEA, its schools, and its students in grades transitional kindergarten–12, as applicable to the LEA.
Founded in 2001, Oasis Charter Public School is an elementary school located in Salinas, California. Since its inception, Oasis is authorized
by the Monterey County Office of Education. Oasis’ constructivist philosophy and pedagogy emphasize authentic and collaborative learning
experiences and opportunities for students in grades kindergarten through six. In a partnership among teachers, staff, and parents, the
school is fulfilling its mission to educate responsible citizens for a democracy.
Oasis scholars develop both academically and socially as they are allowed to construct their own knowledge and understanding. Oasis
scholars learn how to think critically, analyze situations, problem solve, and collaborate with peers and adults to come to a consensus of their
own. In the context of an integrated, project-based, multicultural, and community-rich curriculum, our students will develop their strengths,
interests, curiosity, and ultimately- the love of learning. Oasis offers a twenty-first-century Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, and
Mathematics (STEAM) focus and approach for all students. Our students in grades third through sixth grade have a one-to-one device that
remains at school for their use in research and assignments aligned to STEAM and NGSS. Additionally, Oasis offers the entire spectrum of
academic and social/emotional services to students, from Mental Health services such as counseling to Specialized Education. Oasis serves
a student population of two hundred and fifty students from surrounding local school districts in Salinas, CA.
Student Demographics
Oasis Charter Public School serves approximately 220 students in grades kindergarten through six. Its small-school environment supports
personalized learning and positive student-family-school relations.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 11 of 62
The school’s student body was as follows:
Latino: 78.8%
White 9%
African American 3.5%
Filipino: 3.1%
English Learner: 31.4%
Students with disabilities: 7.9%
Socioeconomically disadvantaged students: 65%
Currently, 95% of Oasis students live within the Salinas City zip codes of 93901, 93905, 93906, 93907, and 93908. The following statistics for
race and ethnicity, home language, poverty levels, and educational attainment are from the U.S. Census Bureau.
Community Survey:
Race and Ethnicity: The racial and ethnic demographics of this area are 76.1% Hispanic or Latino, 14.6% White, 6.7% Asian, and 1.3%
African American.
Home Language: Within this area, 68.5% of individuals aged five years and older speak a language other than English, with 63.9%
speaking Spanish or Spanish Creole. Of those who speak Spanish or Spanish Creole, 58.3% speak English “less than very well”.
Poverty Levels: In this area, 29.6% of related children under 18 years of age live below the poverty line.
Educational Attainment: In Salinas City, 28.4% of persons aged 18 to 24 years have attained less than a high school diploma or equivalent.
For persons aged 25 years and older, 22.6% are high school graduates (or equivalent), 18.5% report some college (non- degree), and 19.4%
report an associate’s degree or higher.
Oasis began the 2021-22 academic year with a full in-person learning program. The teachers are provided training and preparation at the
beginning of the school year and throughout the academic year to provide staff sufficient time to adapt to our new and revised learning
program post-pandemic. This program was comprehensive and aligned to our school’s philosophy. Oasis ensured that all students continued
to have 1:1 devices to continue the 21st century learning with technology being a major role. The campus remained open with to all students
and staff. The COVID-19 pandemic affected everyone in our school. The transition for being home and learning from a screen, to relearning
the basics of in-person interaction was a rigorous and challenging task for all. One of the priorities and challenge was going to be for
students to readapt to being at school with all the new safety regulations and protocols after being home for close to a year. The lack of
opportunities to provide in-person learning experiences affected our student's social emotional and academic learning and Oasis was aware
of that. Oasis continued to foster student relationships and interactions regularly. Staff provided as much support as possible to the student,
however, it was evident to all that the pandemic had a tremendous impact behaviorally and academically. The school focused on providing
opportunities for students to relearn social skills and coping skills via social emotional learning classes to all of the student population.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 12 of 62
Reflections: Successes
A description of successes and/or progress based on a review of the California School Dashboard (Dashboard) and local data.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, state law has suspended the reporting of state indicators on the 2021 Dashboard.
Based on a review of performance on all available state indicators (https://www.cde.ca.gov/ds/ad/coviddatareporting.asp) and local
performance indicators including those on the Dashboard, progress towards LCAP goals, local self-assessment tools, input from educational
partners, District is most proud of the following:
On the English Language Art Smarter Balanced assessment, the School made strong academic growth between 2018 and 2019 as
evidenced by a 30-40 point increase toward “standard met” overall and in each subgroup--Latinx, Socioeconomically Disadvantaged, and
English learners. We are anticipating that our students demonstrate growth in the current 2022 SBAC assessments administered.
The NWEA Map Growth data from beginning, middle, and end of the year 21-22 school benchmarks indicate that every single grade level
made growth throughout the school year. Although not every grade level reached the average national comparison growth, it is a tremendous
success that academic improvement was achieved.
RTI Total Point Growth Math RTI Total Point Growth ELA
9/16 10/16
4/14 5/14
9/13 9/11
5/5 8/8
4/8 3/7
5/8 5/5
During this next year, the LEA plans to build upon this success by analyzing student performance data, develop goals and actions since the
start of the school year that include addressing the identified areas of need .
Specifically, the improvements principally directed towards foster youth, English learners, and low-income students have led to the following
improved performance for these students, as demonstrated by the NWEA Mag Growth data and the school's internal formative assessment
data.
Reflections: Identified Need
A description of any areas that need significant improvement based on a review of Dashboard and local data, including any areas of low
performance and significant performance gaps among student groups on Dashboard indicators, and any steps taken to address those areas.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, state law has suspended the reporting of state indicators on the 2021 Dashboard.
In analyzing the data and information that we’ve gathered, we’ve identified the following areas of growth:
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 13 of 62
Increase Proficiency in mathematics. The school has not made sufficient progress in this area. Although we do not have state assessment
data for 2022. Math has been an area of focus for the last 2 school years since our internal data has demonstrated that this is a continuous
area of need.
Increase Performance in standardized testing, especially for English language learners subgroups. Although the school provided designated
and integrated ELD for all English learners, we have not seen students progress as rapidly as we would like. Therefore, the school is
focusing on a multi-tiered support program for our English language learners.
Consistent Data Tracking. This is the second school year the school implemented the use of NWEA Map Growth assessments as a
benchmark tracking system, and the school is committed to using this system consistently for school years. This school year was the first
year that the school was able to compare growth throughout the year based on the fact that the benchmark assessments were administered
three times a year.
Continued Professional Development and Training for all staff is a continuous area of need since we as a school, always strive to support
teachers in improving their teaching practices to support student achievement.
Continued need for social-emotional support programs is an area of need now more than ever due to the COVID- 19 pandemic.
Increasing parental involvement to broaden the group of parents who participate is also an area of need. Due to the restrictions due to
COVID, increasing parent participation was a challenge. Although some meetings and events were held remotely., and others in-person, the
school did not notice an increase in participation overall in the number of families in attendance.
The school is also a need of a consistent school leader. This school year, the challenge was to retain the administrative staff. The school's
culture notably declined amongst the staff. The Oasis staff however was resilient and determined to to their best for the students. Students at
Oasis are always a priority.
LCAP Highlights
A brief overview of the LCAP, including any key features that should be emphasized.
Our learning program post-pandemic was definitely a highlight this year. Seeing the student in-person for the entire school day was the
highlight of the year for the school community. The school developed a robust learning program that strategically encompassed many
valuable essential elements since the beginning of school closure and relevant to the transition back to in-person instruction. Without a
doubt, the school needed to increase the budget for classrooms and student materials in order for our students to continue to have hands-on
experiences that are the foundation of our school; and we did just that. Moreover, with the use of our local in-house benchmark assessments,
we were able to provide individualized support to our students at their instructional level to support their overall growth. Taking measures to
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 14 of 62
offer a rich and complete in-person instruction was an upmost priority. This was key in progressing towards academic success and social-
emotional growth for all students.
A large success for the planned actions and services was beginning the year with full staffing. Oasis started the school year with a full-time
Director and Assistant Director, a full-time ELD teacher and ELD Aide, 11 certificated teachers including the Resource specialist and Special
Education case manager, and 7 instructional aides. Oasis implemented the actions planned to reach grade level proficiency in core academic
subjects and alignment with project-based learning since the start of the school year. The school continued to use PowerSchool and NWEA
Map Growth reports to analyze data and create reports to inform all stakeholder groups. These reports were scheduled and presented at
various meetings throughout the year ranging from Staff Meetings, to UCEN Board Meetings. Furthermore, the students of Oasis become
very familiar and consistently used the digital standards based program to improve their grade level performance. The greatest challenge is
navigating through the extensive range of learning loss that students experienced from being home for an entire school year. That affected
the school's actions and services planned for this goal slightly in the sense that things moved slower than anticipated. Oasis ensured the
implementation of the actions and services as much as possible since it was necessary to achieve the goals planned.
Professional development was highlight for Oasis Charter School. Oasis provided CCSA, NGSS, and Project-Based Learning training this
school year to the entire staff. This was feasible since Oasis recruited teachers that met the qualifications to teach in a public elementary
school. Planning a robust professional development plan in alignment with our school action plan and goals was key and having HQT's
enabled Oasis to implement its' plan. Classroom teachers had 14 full days and 12 half days of professional development during the school
year. Additionally, teachers collaborated and had team planning meetings on a bi-weekly basis. The school Action Plan and Professional
Development plan helped achieve the articulated goal because through those plans, the school was able to monitor and track the actions and
initiatives taken. Oasis was able to achieve a 80% teacher retention rate for the 2021-2022 school year which demonstrates that the services
provided to hire and maintain highly qualified teachers consecutively. A key to this success is attributed to the excessive focus on
collaboration and transparency with the teachers in addition to building a strong school culture and community. The teachers were aware of
the school Action Plan and goals set forth this school year and planned instruction accordingly. In turn, we were effective with our goal since
the Action Plan and PD Plan included CCSS and NGSS training in-house and off-site for our staff. Our staff regularly came together and
collaboratively created a lesson plans and units that aligned with the actions and services planned as well as with the implementation of
CCSS and NGSS throughout the school year.
Mental health services for our students was also a notable highlight. Oasis had significant success in monitoring and supporting the mental
health and social well-being of our students. Oasis has and will continue to monitor and support mental health and social and emotional well-
being of pupils and staff during the school year. Oasis developed and implemented a comprehensive counseling program for all our students
to receive remote counseling support. Oasis also has a Social- Emotional Coordinator to provide social and emotional learning for all
students and parents in-person, at least two times per week. A success that our school achieved was to ensure that Mental Health Services
were provided to students who were referred to the counseling and support program either from home or by our school staff. Additionally,
students with a pattern in behavioral issues were also recommended for counseling services to support their social skills and development.
Students in the program received at least a twenty minute group session once a week. Students who were identified as higher needs had
one on one support or more than one session per week were offered. The counselor hired provided small group and classroom support
directly related to social skills to support the social emotional development of all students. The school’s Administrative Assistant received in-
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 15 of 62
house training and training with our local county office of education to enhance her skills on how to administer and complete all school
attendance reports and the school was able to maintain accurate records.
A success in regards to the actions and services planned to achieve the goal of increasing family participation and connection to support
student academic achievement and solidify the students’ learning environment was to hire a part-time family liaison, offer family workshops,
and use effective communication tools with our families. Oasis took the initiative to communicate to families. The main source of
communication was "Parent Square"; a credible online platform that provides information electronically to all families in multiple ways .
Teachers and administration communicated information necessary for parents using this social portal. The feedback given from parents and
staff was very positive. Parents liked to receive frequent reminders of things that were going on in school from classroom homework and
newsletters, to school-wide events. The school used “Google Forms'' to conduct family surveys in efforts to gather stakeholder input to gather
data. Our school staff designee ensured that all document and information was translated in Spanish for parents during the school year. This
was a great success and highlight for this school year since it had been a challenge to do so in previous years.
Comprehensive Support and Improvement
An LEA with a school or schools eligible for comprehensive support and improvement must respond to the following prompts.
Schools Identified
A list of the schools in the LEA that are eligible for comprehensive support and improvement.
NA
Support for Identified Schools
A description of how the LEA has or will support its eligible schools in developing comprehensive support and improvement plans.
NA
Monitoring and Evaluating Effectiveness
A description of how the LEA will monitor and evaluate the plan to support student and school improvement.
NA
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 16 of 62
Engaging Educational Partners
A summary of the process used to engage educational partners and how this engagement was considered before finalizing the LCAP.
Oasis Charter believes in involving educational partners in the development of this LCAP through meaningful and significant engagement.
The LCAP development process should result in an LCAP that reflects decisions made in collaboration with parents, students, educators,
and other educational partners, including those representing the student groups identified by LCFF. Each educational partner possesses
valuable perspectives and insights about an LEA's programs and services and is critical to the development of the LCAP and the budget
process.
The engagement process used by Oasis Charter involved: meetings, phone calls, surveys, conversations, and information data gathering.
Meetings were held with teachers, principal/administrators, other school personnel, parents, and students. SELPA consultation was obtained
by Kenyon Hopkins from Monterey SELPA.
The timeline of the process and/or meeting timeline is as follows:
UCEN Board Meetings:
August 31, 2021
September 28, 2021
October 26, 2021
November 30, 2021
January 25, 2022
February 22, 2022
March 29, 2022
April 26, 2022
May 31, 2022
June 28, 2022
Oasis Community Council (OCC) Parent Meetings:
August 19, 2021
September 1, 2021
October 12, 2021
December 17. 2021
January 5, 2022
February 8, 2022
April 5, 2022
May 4, 2022
June 1, 2022
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 17 of 62
Teacher/Staff Meetings:
Bi-monthly starting August 11, 2021 to June 2, 2022
Oasis Student Council:
Monthly starting October 1, 2021 to June 1, 2022
Stakeholder Survey:
March 21, 2022
Student Survey:
March 21, 2022
A summary of the feedback provided by specific educational partners.
After engaging District educational partners, the ideas/trends/inputs that emerged from an analysis of the feedback received is as follows:
Based on the identified trends, and the results from the data collected, it is evident that the school community is a safe and welcoming
environment for all. Parent, staff, and students look forward to being at Oasis. The majority of the stakeholders reported that they feel that
Oasis challenges students academically, communicates goals and performance, administration is supportive, and that the teaching staff and
support staff care about their child. Moreover, coming back this school year to a full in-person learning program amid a pandemic was a
challenge for all. Oasis took extreme safety measures to mitigate the risk of COVID-19. All that information was shared with parents and all
stakeholder groups, Feedback was taken and considered to make adjustments and improvements throughout the school year. Stakeholders
reported that specific areas of need for the school are additional reading and math academic support and intervention, extended learning
programs, and more hands-on learning experiences such as school field trips.
A description of the aspects of the LCAP that were influenced by specific input from educational partners.
The 2022-23 LCAP was directly influenced by input from our educational partners. Specifically, the aspects of the LCAP that were directly
influenced by the engagement process and subsequent feedback (as described above), include:
*Hire highly qualified teachers to implement standard aligned instruction that is engaging and rigorous for students
* Academic Intervention in reading and math
*Multi-tiered support system
*Classroom aides/Paraprofessionals
*Professional Development
*Hired a full-time intervention coordinator to support student academic achievement
*Curriculum and Instructional materials
*Student Data Information Systems and assessment resources such as Powerschool, Freckle and Reading A-Z, NWEA Map Growth
*Academies and additional interventions outside school hours
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 18 of 62
*Academic Field Trips
*Hands-on materials and classroom supplies
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 19 of 62
Goals and Actions
Goal
Goal # Description
1 All students will achieve academic growth towards grade level proficiency in ELA and Mathematics
An explanation of why the LEA has developed this goal.
This goal was developed due to the analysis conducted in identifying the areas of needs per the CA Dashboard, and the internal benchmarks
for this school year. Additionally, based on the stakeholder input, there has been slight improvement over the last year, nonetheless, it is
evident in the numbers, that the majority of our students are working towards achieving grade level proficiency. As an educational institution,
it is our responsibility and priority to ensure that our students are always working towards achieving academic success.
Measuring and Reporting Results
Desired Outcome for
Metric Baseline Year 1 Outcome Year 2 Outcome Year 3 Outcome
2023–24
# of Teachers 12 out of 12 teachers 12 out of 12 teachers 12 out of 12 teachers
# PD Sessions 6 out of 10 Sessions 6 out of 10 Sessions 10 out of 10 Sessions
Student Benchmark 3 out of 3 NWEA 3 out of 3 NWEA 3 out of 3 NWEA
Reports assessments assessments assessments
Standard- Based 10 out of 10 Weekly 21 out of 10 Weekly 10 out of 10 Weekly
Lesson Plans lesson plans aligned lesson plans aligned lesson plans aligned
with CCSS and PBL with CCSS and PBL with CCSS and PBL
Instructional 7 out of 10 7 Instructional 9 out of 10
Assistants Instructional Assistants Instructional
Assistants Assistants
State Testing 4% out of 10% Not available 8% out of
CAASPP Data percentage points 10%percentage points
increase in students increase in students
meeting proficiency meeting proficiency
level level
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 20 of 62
Actions
Action # Title Description Total Funds Contributing
1.1 HQT’s Hire highly qualified teachers to implement standard aligned $635,739.00 No
instruction that is engaging and rigorous for students X
1.2 Intervention Multi-tiered support system for all students and Interventions early on $120,779.00 No
X
1.3 Classroom aides Instructional aides to support students in the classroom $293,692.00 Yes
X
1.4 Academic Coach Support teacher development to increase performance $65,000.00 No
X
1.5 Professional Strategic Action plan with professional development for all staff $40,000.00 No
Development X
1.6 Vice Principal Hired a full-time Vice Principal to monitor student academic progress $68,399.00 No
X
1.7 Instructional Hired a full-time academic coach and intervention coordinator to $107,401.00 No
Coordinator support student academic achievement X
1.8 ELD Hire 2 ELD staff, teacher and aide $78,378.00 Yes
X
1.9 Curriculum and Student Data Information Systems and assessment resources such as $33,740.00 No
Instructional Powerschool, Freckle, Edulastic, and Reading A-Z X
materials
1.10 NWEA Map Growth B enchmark data and student achievement reports for stakeholder $2,820.00 No
groups X
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 21 of 62
Action # Title Description Total Funds Contributing
1.11 Specialized support A cademies and additional interventions outside school hours $10,000.00 No
X
Goal Analysis [2021-22]
An analysis of how this goal was carried out in the previous year.
A description of any substantive differences in planned actions and actual implementation of these actions.
Oasis ensured the implementation of the actions and services necessary to achieve the goal of hiring highly qualified teachers and provide
CCSA, NGSS, and Project-Based Learning training this school year by recruiting teachers that met the qualifications to teach in a public
elementary school and planning a robust professional development plan in alignment with our school action plan and goals. Classroom
teachers had 14 full days and 12 half days of professional development during the school year. Additionally, teachers collaborated and had
team planning meetings on a bi-weekly basis. The school Action Plan and Professional Development plan helped achieve the articulated
goal because through those plans, the school was able to monitor and track the actions and initiatives taken. Oasis was able to achieve a
80% teacher retention rate which demonstrates that the services provided to hire and maintain highly qualified teachers consecutively. A key
to this success is attributed to the excessive focus on collaboration and transparency with the teachers in addition to building a strong school
culture and community. The teachers were aware of the school Action Plan and goals set forth this school year and planned instruction
accordingly. In turn, we were effective with our goal since the Action Plan and PD Plan included CCSS and NGSS trainings in-house and off-
site for our staff.
In regards to the actions and services planned for Goal 1, our school was fortunately able to implement the majority of the actions and
services planned to achieve our goal of hiring highly qualified teachers to implement the state standards for all subjects. The actions and
services shifted slightly when our school had to create, plan and implement a learning program considering all the additional factors that
played a key role in COVID safety measures. In order to continue to achieve this, our school had to use school funding to purchase PPO
including but not limited to, hand washing stations, water filling station, face mask, disinfecting materials, plexi-glass among more.
Additionally, we had to purchase online platforms and memberships to enable our teachers to continue teaching and connecting with our
students to deliver high quality instruction aligned with the state standards. This provided a consistent and smooth transition from our online
program to in-person instruction. Once students resumed in-person learning, we are able to apply many of our actions and plans. Reflecting
on this school year, we learned a lot from our the transition back from our distance learning, and hybrid learning program, and thanks to the
feedback from all stakeholders, and our own analysis, we were able to prioritize, develop, and make adjustments to the actions that will
support our students in making growth towards grade level proficiency this upcoming school year.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 22 of 62
An explanation of material differences between Budgeted Expenditures and Estimated Actual Expenditures and/or Planned Percentages of
Improved Services and Estimated Actual Percentages of Improved Services.
The material differences between the budgeted expenditures and the estimated actuals this school year were specifically in the $68,500.00
that were budgeted for the school to hire an academic coach to support teaching practices and performances. Although the school made
efforts in recruiting a coach throughout the year, it was unsuccessful in being able to hire someone. The school was able to hire an
instructional coordinator via consulting services that was able to provide support to the LEA. This was a difference in the budgeted
expenditures that was more than the estimated expenditures for the beginning of the school year.
An explanation of how effective the specific actions were in making progress toward the goal.
In analyzing the actions related to specific actions from the previous LCAP and it’s effectiveness in making progress toward the goal, it is
certain that the actions such as having highly qualified teachers, classroom aides, an academic coach and training that is aligned with the
standards is all effective based on our observational data and in our NWEA Map Growth Benchmark Assessment data.
NWEA Map Growth Performance Date SY 21-22
Grade BOY Math BOY ELA MOY MATH MOY ELA EOY Math EOY ELA RTI Total Point Growth Math RTI Total Point Growth ELA
1 156/160 150/155 159/170 156/165 165/176 160/171 9/16 10/16
2 167/175 163/172 167/184 162/181 171/189 168/185 4/14 5/14
3 178/188 170/186 186/196 177/193 187/201 179/197 9/13 9/11
4 192/199 187/196 196/206 195/202 197/210 194/204 5/5 8/8
5 199/209 200/204 201/214 203/209 203/218 201/211 4/8 3/7
6 208/214 204/210 211/219 208/213 213/222 209/215 5/8 5/5
*Oasis Mean Score/Average National Mean Score
Although the growth points reflected are not as high as we would like to see them, the data show that our students made growth in both
mathematics and English Language Arts (ELA). Some grade levels compared closely to the national point growth average, while other
grades were up to par. For example, fourth grade in mathematics performance grew by 5 points in a school year, which was the average
national mean score. Sixth grade's ELA performance also grew by 5 points which was the average national mean score. Third grade ELA
came very close to the national mean growth scored comparing at 9 points growth to the 11 points growth average. The emphasis for this
data is growth. This was a challenge since we know that there was significant learning loss due to remote learning the previous school year,
and the adjustment and transition made back to in-person instruction.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 23 of 62
A description of any changes made to the planned goal, metrics, desired outcomes, or actions for the coming year that resulted from
reflections on prior practice.
The goal changed from “Hire qualified teachers (HQT’s) to implement the Common Core State Standards (CCSS) ,New Generation Science
Standards (NGSS),and History Social Science (HSS) Framework” to “All students will achieve academic growth towards grade level
proficiency in ELA and Mathematics”. This was changed because the in order achieve academic growth towards grade level proficiency, the
school must hire HQT’s to effectively do that. Additionally, we added more actions and desired outcomes as part of the goal. This is the plan
that is going to drive our school year and we wanted to make sure that all the actions set in place were articulated as part of the plan.
A report of the Total Estimated Actual Expenditures for last year’s actions may be found in the Annual Update Table. A report of the
Estimated Actual Percentages of Improved Services for last year’s actions may be found in the Contributing Actions Annual Update
Table.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 24 of 62
Goals and Actions
Goal
Goal # Description
2 Provide social-emotional and mental health services to all students to support their growth and development socially and
academically
An explanation of why the LEA has developed this goal.
This goal was developed in efforts to continue to provide socio-emotional support for all our students. It is evident that in order for students to
achieve academic success, they must have stability in their socio-emotional development too. At Oasis, we implement a whole-child
approach to our learning program. Now more than ever, after readjusting from distance learning almost the entire school, it is crucial that we
continue to offer this to our students.
Measuring and Reporting Results
Desired Outcome for
Metric Baseline Year 1 Outcome Year 2 Outcome Year 3 Outcome
2023–24
SEL Instruction 90% students receive 90% students receive 90% students receive
90 minutes per week 60 minutes per week 90 minutes per week
of SEL of SEL of SEL
Counseling Sessions 8 5 % of students 75% of students 85% of students
referred receive referred receive referred receive
counseling sessions counseling sessions counseling sessions
Workshop and 3 out of 6 SEL 2 out of 6 SEL 5 out of 6 SEL
Trainings Workshops offered Workshops offered Workshops offered
Actions
Action # Title Description Total Funds Contributing
2.1 Counselor Student counselor on-site to provide support to students in need $34,000.00 No
X
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 25 of 62
Action # Title Description Total Funds Contributing
2.2 Social Emotional Social Emotional Coordinator to provide Social Emotional classes for $42,401.00 No
Coordinator all students X
2.3 SEL Materials Student Materials to support mental health and SEL $2,000.00 No
X
2.4 Staff Training Professional development and trainings for staff on mental health and $2,000.00 No
SEL X
2.5 Parent Training Workshops and seminars for parents $1,500.00 No
X
2.6 Vice Principal Hire a full-time Vice Principal to oversee SEL and Mental Health $63,899.00 No
Services X
Goal Analysis [2021-22]
An analysis of how this goal was carried out in the previous year.
A description of any substantive differences in planned actions and actual implementation of these actions.
The school was able to implement the actions and services planned in order to provide mental health services that build social-emotional
skills to increase positive behavior and student attendance since the beginning of the school year. We also included the Social Emotional
Coordinator to provide classes for that specific school year so we adjusted that for this past school year and embedded it to the LCAP for the
upcoming school year due to the high demand after school closure and distance learning and the transition back to in-person instruction.
Many students were experiencing anxiety, lack of engagement and depression among other things. Oasis had significant success in
monitoring and supporting the mental health and social well-being of our students. Oasis will continue to monitor and support mental health
and social and emotional well-being of pupils and staff during the school year as follows: Oasis staff and administration provided professional
development to support students with social and emotional well-being whole-class an in small groups. Oasis developed and implemented a
comprehensive counseling program for all our students to receive in-person counseling support. Oasis has a designated staff member to
provide social and emotional learning for all students in-person, and virtual opportunities for parents.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 26 of 62
An explanation of material differences between Budgeted Expenditures and Estimated Actual Expenditures and/or Planned Percentages of
Improved Services and Estimated Actual Percentages of Improved Services.
A material difference between a budgeted expenditure versus an actual expenditure for this goal is the development of our Social and
Emotional Learning Program at our school. Following our school closure due to the pandemic and the demands of the transition back to in-
person instruction, Oasis found the need to develop and implement a Social and Emotional learning curriculum for the new school year.
Undoubtedly, not having in-person instruction the previous school year, and lack of in-person interactions largely affected our students
transition back to school. Although it was not projected in the previous LCAP, it was essential that we provide this necessary service to our
students. More importantly, students lost the opportunity to experience social development interacting, problem solving, and collaborating
with peers in their continuous social emotional development and growth and it was critical we guided students to adapt to the unprecedented
and drastic changes that were occurring for a full year prior to their return August 2021.
An explanation of how effective the specific actions were in making progress toward the goal.
The specific actions on the previous LCAP had to be adjusted to be provided and were effective. Students in the school’s counseling
program received at least a twenty minute group session once a week. Students who were identified as higher needs had one on one
support or more than one session per week were offered. The school counselor provided small group and classroom support directly related
to social skills to support social emotional development. The school’s Administrative Assistant received in-house training and training with our
local county office of education to enhance her skills on how to administer and complete all school attendance reports and the school was
able to maintain accurate records. The instructional coordinator of the school successfully developed and led the school’s counseling
program. In addition, the school developed and implemented the SEL program for all students. This had a very positive impact on our
students. Based on the survey conducted on March 2022, the data indicated that students felt their teacher cared about them, feeling happy
and safe at school, and feeling like they had support from all school personnel, including administration.
A description of any changes made to the planned goal, metrics, desired outcomes, or actions for the coming year that resulted from
reflections on prior practice.
There were changes made to the previously planned goal, actions and outcomes. Specifically, the goal changed by adding the academic
growth component in alignment with the social growth as well. Additionally, we added the Social and Emotional learning coordinator and
curriculum to this goal because after receiving the feedback, and making our on analysis and observations, we concluded that the social and
emotional well being of all the students is a priority and essential in order for our students to grow both academically and and emotionally.
A report of the Total Estimated Actual Expenditures for last year’s actions may be found in the Annual Update Table. A report of the
Estimated Actual Percentages of Improved Services for last year’s actions may be found in the Contributing Actions Annual Update
Table.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 27 of 62
Goals and Actions
Goal
Goal # Description
3 Our family engagement will overall increase to support the academic achievement of students
An explanation of why the LEA has developed this goal.
This goal to increase family engagement was developed because the school understands the value of parent involvement in their child’s
education. Oasis believes that in order to achieve academic success, we must work together as a team and share the responsibility. Over the
years, despite the school’s effort to increase family engagement, we have had minimal gains. The school would like to continue to focus on
this goal and achieve it in the near future.
Measuring and Reporting Results
Desired Outcome for
Metric Baseline Year 1 Outcome Year 2 Outcome Year 3 Outcome
2023–24
School Events Sign-In 20-105 people in 20-70 people in 60-105 people in
Sheets (Meetings, attendance attendance attendance
Academic Nights)
Visitor/Volunteer Sign- 8-40 people 8-15 people 10-40 people
In Sheets volunteering volunteering volunteering
Family Workshops 8-45 people in 8-20 people in 20-45 people in
and Trainings attendance attendance attendance
Communication 50-150 people view 50-80 people view 90-140 people view
Tracking postings postings postings
Specialty Classes 2 out of 5 specialty 2 out of 5 specialty 4 out of 5 specialty
classes offered to all classes offered to all classes offered to all
students students students
Actions
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 28 of 62
Action # Title Description Total Funds Contributing
3.1 School and School events planned to foster and increase family engagement $5,000.00 No
Community Events X
3.2 Family liaison Hire a part-time Family Liaison to support connecting with families $29,842.00 No
regularly X
3.3 Parent Workshops F amily Workshops and seminars offered throughout the year $1,500.00 No
X
3.4 Communication Parent Square, Google Drive, Social media, and other means of $1,500.00 No
communication such as phone calls and paper notices to inform X
families about school events
3.5 Communication Staff designee to maintain participation data on Sign-In Sheets, zoom $0.00 No
tracking recording, etc. for school events and volunteer tracking purposes X
3.6 Translating Services T r anslation services for families $0.00 No
X
3.7 Community Events C ommunity Events Outreach for student recruitment, community $1,500.00 No
engagement opportunities for students X
3.8 Specialty Classes Enrichment opportunities to increase parent and student engagement $60,000.00 No
X
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 29 of 62
Goal Analysis [2021-22]
An analysis of how this goal was carried out in the previous year.
A description of any substantive differences in planned actions and actual implementation of these actions.
Oasis was able to implement some of the actions and services planned to increase parent participation and to support student academic
achievement and solidify the students’ learning environment since the beginning of the school year. Many, if not most of the services were
offered virtually for families and volunteers, however towards the end of the school year, some school events were held in-person. The
school was unable to implement our actions in person since due to the COVID-19 pandemic guidelines and restrictions for school volunteers
and visitors, we were unable to have families come in-person the majority of the school year. Since the start of 2022, the school was able to
allow some visitors on campus so long as all the guidelines necessary were followed. This enabled parents to be able to volunteer in-person
at times. Naturally, all communication and connection with parents was via telephone or video conference. Communication became more
regular and consistent via Parent Square. Additionally, the school was able to begin the school year with a family liaison who assisted
families and communicated regularly with staff and parents. Also, the school was able to host all family meetings remotely in efforts to
increase student engagement and family participation. During the middle of the school year, we did notice an increase in family participation
due to the demand of parent chaperones and volunteers for field trips. Although there were set limits of allowed chaperones, it was evident
that parents were eager to participate and volunteer when given this specific opportunity once again.
An explanation of material differences between Budgeted Expenditures and Estimated Actual Expenditures and/or Planned Percentages of
Improved Services and Estimated Actual Percentages of Improved Services.
There was not a significant difference between budgeted and actual expenditures. School closure had the biggest impact in our efforts to
increase our parent participation this school year. When students were on-site, we strived to increase parent involvement and it was a
challenge to do. Given that our communication and meetings were exclusively virtual after due to the restrictions and limitations around
COVID-19, our school did not use the budgeted expenses for in-person school wide events. Instead, the school purchased materials for
students to support their learning and participation across the board. Teachers and administration communicated all information necessary
for parents using this social portal. Additionally, the school’s focus was to invest in attractive incentives to increase parent participation.
An explanation of how effective the specific actions were in making progress toward the goal.
Given that our communication and meetings were exclusively virtual due to the restrictions for COVID-19, our school had a decline in
participation. Parent Square. Teachers and administration communicated all information necessary for parents using this social portal. Our
school staff designee was able to translate for parents during school events and also assisted with the translating of documents. The school
used “Google Forms'' to conduct family surveys in efforts to gather stakeholder input as well as to gather data. The feedback given from
parents and staff was very positive. Oasis staff sent frequent reminders of things that were going on in school from classroom homework and
newsletters, and information on school-wide virtual events her support student academic achievement and solidify the students’ learning
environment was to hire a part-time family liaisons, offer family workshops, and use effective communication tools with our families. Oasis
took the initiative to communicate to families that the main source of communication was going to be Parent Square. Teachers and
administration communicated all information necessary for parents using this social portal. The feedback given from parents and staff was
very positive. Additionally, Oasis was able to translate for parents and assisted with the translating of documents schoolwide.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 30 of 62
A description of any changes made to the planned goal, metrics, desired outcomes, or actions for the coming year that resulted from
reflections on prior practice.
Based on the reflections made and the feedback received, the goal, desired outcomes, and actions that changed or were adjusted were
increasing the community and school events, increasing and offering parent workshops, and adding specialty and enrichment opportunities
for our students. It was evident from last school year and from the input of the stakeholders that what sets us apart and makes us attractive
as a school is the continuous offerings of enrichments and specialties classes. We, as a school, want to ensure that we embed this as part of
the LCAP plan to ensure that funds are allocated to this specific area. Moreover, we want to ensure that the school provides information and
trainings for parents on how they can support their child with academic success. Although we have some events throughout the year to
provide some training for parents, we are hoping to really focus on strategic parent workshops to foster academic growth at school and at
home.
A report of the Total Estimated Actual Expenditures for last year’s actions may be found in the Annual Update Table. A report of the
Estimated Actual Percentages of Improved Services for last year’s actions may be found in the Contributing Actions Annual Update
Table.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 31 of 62
Increased or Improved Services for Foster Youth, English Learners, and Low-
Income Students [2022-23]
Projected LCFF Supplemental and/or Concentration Grants Projected Additional LCFF Concentration Grant (15 percent)
$233,701.00 $75,725.00
Required Percentage to Increase or Improve Services for the LCAP Year
Projected Percentage to Increase Total Percentage to Increase or
or Improve Services for the LCFF Carryover — Percentage LCFF Carryover — Dollar Improve Services for the Coming
Coming School Year School Year
0.00% $0.00
The Budgeted Expenditures for Actions identified as Contributing may be found in the Contributing Actions Table.
Required Descriptions
For each action being provided to an entire school, or across the entire school district or county office of education (COE), an explanation of
(1) how the needs of foster youth, English learners, and low-income students were considered first, and (2) how these actions are effective in
meeting the goals for these students.
At Oasis Charter School, foster youth is less than 1%, 31% of our students are English learners, and 46% of our students are low-
income/socio-economically disadvantaged. The needs of these students were considered by identifying who they are and under what groups
they are identified in. Oasis found that a lot of the students were part of at least two groups. For example, we had students that were both
English learners and low-income students. After identifying the students, we gathered information to determine their needs. This ranged
anywhere from socioeconomic to social and emotional to academic needs.
In order to determine if Oasis is effective in meeting the goals for these student groups, the school monitors and keeps record of the
communication and interactions with our foster youth, English learners, and low-income students and families. If students are participating
regularly synchronously and asynchronously and making progress towards their goals, Oasis has been effective in meeting the needs of
these students. If that is not the case, Oasis teachers and the family liaison will reach out to families to determine what support systems are
necessary for our foster youth, English learners, and low-income students to be successful in reaching their goals
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 32 of 62
Additional support was and will continue to be provided to assist pupils with unique needs, including English learners, pupils with exceptional
needs served across the full continuum of placements, pupils in foster care, and pupils who are experiencing homelessness. The additional
support will be provided as follows:
English learners will receive additional designated instructional sessions.
English learners will receive integrated ELD sessions in the general education classroom via Project GLAD strategies, units and curriculum.
Students with exceptional needs will receive additional instruction sessions before or after school.
Pupils in foster care and/or who are experiencing homelessness will receive l counseling as well as additional support and instruction in
Social Emotional learning.
Pupils with unique needs will receive additional materials necessary to succeed academically. This includes, but is not limited to classroom
supplies and materials, technology, backpacks, school lunch, and tutoring opportunities.
A description of how services for foster youth, English learners, and low-income students are being increased or improved by the percentage
required.
In addition to the services provided to students during the school day, Oasis will ensure that students are also provided with services such as
social emotional support, counseling, tutoring and support services after the school day. Additionally, if Oasis determines there is a need for
additional targeted support, students will be provided with intervention support via small learning groups, specialized tutoring, or virtual
support if the in-person support is not feasible for the student.
A description of the plan for how the additional concentration grant add-on funding identified above will be used to increase the number of staff
providing direct services to students at schools that have a high concentration (above 55 percent) of foster youth, English learners, and low-
income students, as applicable.
N/A
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 33 of 62
Staff-to-student ratios by
type of school and Schools with a student concentration of 55 percent or Schools with a student concentration of greater than 55
concentration of less percent
unduplicated students
Staff-to-student ratio of 1:24 N/A
classified staff providing
direct services to students
Staff-to-student ratio of 1:24, 1:8, 1:1 N/A
certificated staff providing
direct services to students
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 34 of 62
2022-23 Total Expenditures Table
Other State Total Non-
Totals LCFF Funds Local Funds Federal Funds Total Funds Total Personnel
Funds personnel
Totals $1,701,090.00 $1,701,090.00 $1,701,090.00
Goal Action # Action Title Student Group(s) LCFF Funds Other State Funds Local Funds Federal Funds Total Funds
1 1.1 HQT’s XAll $635,739.00 $635,739.00
1 1.2 Intervention XAll $120,779.00 $120,779.00
1 1.3 Classroom aides XEnglish Learners $293,692.00 $293,692.00
XFoster Youth
XLow Income
1 1.4 Academic Coach XAll $65,000.00 $65,000.00
1 1.5 Professional XAll $40,000.00 $40,000.00
Development
1 1.6 Vice Principal XAll $68,399.00 $68,399.00
1 1.7 Instructional XAll $107,401.00 $107,401.00
Coordinator
1 1.8 ELD XEnglish Learners $78,378.00 $78,378.00
XFoster Youth
XLow Income
1 1.9 Curriculum and XAll $33,740.00 $33,740.00
Instructional materials
1 1.10 NWEA Map Growth X All $2,820.00 $2,820.00
1 1.11 Specialized support X All $10,000.00 $10,000.00
2 2.1 Counselor X All $34,000.00 $34,000.00
2 2.2 Social Emotional X All $42,401.00 $42,401.00
Coordinator
2 2.3 SEL Materials X All $2,000.00 $2,000.00
2 2.4 Staff Training X All $2,000.00 $2,000.00
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 35 of 62
Goal Action # Action Title Student Group(s) LCFF Funds Other State Funds Local Funds Federal Funds Total Funds
2 2.5 Parent Training X All $1,500.00 $1,500.00
2 2.6 Vice Principal X All $63,899.00 $63,899.00
3 3.1 School and X All $5,000.00 $5,000.00
Community Events
3 3.2 Family liaison X All $29,842.00 $29,842.00
3 3.3 Parent Workshops X All $1,500.00 $1,500.00
3 3.4 Communication X All $1,500.00 $1,500.00
3 3.5 Communication X All $0.00
tracking
3 3.6 Translating Services X All $0.00
3 3.7 Community Events X All $1,500.00 $1,500.00
3 3.8 Specialty Classes X All $60,000.00 $60,000.00
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 36 of 62
2022-23 Contributing Actions Table
1. Projected 2. Projected 3. Projected LCFF Total 4. Total 5. Total Planned
LCFF Base LCFF Percentage to Carryover — Percentage to Planned Planned Percentage to
Grant Supplemental Increase or Percentage Increase or Contributing Percentage of Increase or
and/or Improve (Percentage Improve Expenditures Improved Improve
Totals by Total LCFF
Concentration Services for from Prior Services for (LCFF Funds) Services Services for
Type Funds
Grants the Coming Year) the Coming (%) the Coming
School Year School Year School Year
(2 divided by (3 + Carryover (4 divided by
1) %) 1, plus 5)
$233,701.00 0.00% $372,070.00 0.00% 0.00 % Total: $372,070.00
LEA-wide
$0.00
Total:
Limited Total: $ 78,378.00
Schoolwide
$293,692.00
Total:
Planned
Contributing to Planned
Expenditures for
Increased or Unduplicated Percentage of
Goal Action # Action Title Scope Location Contributing
Improved Student Group(s) Improved
Actions (LCFF
Services? Services (%)
Funds)
1 1.3 Classroom aides XYes X Schoolwide XEnglish Learners X A ll Schools $293,692.00
XFoster Youth
X Low Income
1 1.8 ELD XYes XLimited to XEnglish Learners $78,378.00
Unduplicated XFoster Youth
S tudent Group(s) X Low Income
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 37 of 62
2021-22 Annual Update Table
Last Year's
Total Estimated
Total Planned
Totals Expenditures
Expenditures
(Total Funds)
(Total Funds)
Totals $0.00 $0.00
Last Year's Last Year's Action Prior Action/Service Title Contributed to Increased Last Year's Planned Estimated Actual
Goal # # or Improved Services? Expenditures Expenditures
(Total Funds) (Input Total Funds)
This table was automatically populated from the 2021 LCAP. Existing content should not be changed, but additional actions/funding can be added.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 38 of 62
2021-22 Contributing Actions Annual Update Table
6. Estimated 7. Total Estimated Difference 5. Total Planned Difference
LCFF Expenditures for Between Planned Percentage of Between Planned
8. Total Estimated
Supplemental 4. Total Planned Contributing and Estimated Improved and Estimated
Percentage of
and/or Contributing Actions Expenditures for Services (%) Percentage of
Improved
Concentration Expenditures (LCFF Funds) Contributing Improved
Services
Grants (LCFF Funds) Actions Services
(%)
(Input Dollar (Subtract 7 from (Subtract 5 from
Amount) 4) 8)
$0.00 $0.00 $0.00 0.00% 0.00% 0.00%
Last Year's Planned Estimated Actual
Estimated Actual
Last Last Contributing to Expenditures for Expenditures for Planned Percentage
Percentage of
Year's Year's Prior Action/Service Title Increased or Contributing Contributing of Improved
Improved Services
Goal # Action # Improved Services? Actions (LCFF Actions Services
(Input Percentage)
Funds) (Input LCFF Funds)
This table was automatically populated from the 2021 LCAP. Existing content should not be changed, but additional actions/funding can be added.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 39 of 62
2021-22 LCFF Carryover Table
10. Total
Percentage to 7. Total 11. Estimated
8. Total
6. Estimated LCFF Increase or Estimated Actual 12. LCFF
9. Estimated Estimated 13. LCFF
Actual LCFF Carryover — Improve Actual Percentage of Carryover —
Actual LCFF Actual Carryover —
Supplemental Percentage Services for Expenditures Increased or Dollar Amount
Base Grant Percentage of Percentage
and/or (Percentage the Current for Improved (Subtract 11
(Input Dollar Improved (12 divided by
Concentration from Prior School Year Contributing Services from 10 and
Amount) Services 9)
Grants Year) (6 divided by 9 Actions (7 divided by multiply by 9)
(%)
+ Carryover (LCFF Funds) 9, plus 8)
%)
0.00% $0.00 0.00% 0.00% $0.00 0.00%
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 40 of 62
Instructions
Plan Summary
Engaging Educational Partners
Goals and Actions
Increased or Improved Services for Foster Youth, English Learners, and Low-Income Students
For additional questions or technical assistance related to the completion of the Local Control and Accountability Plan (LCAP) template,
please contact the local county office of education (COE), or the California Department of Education’s (CDE’s) Local Agency Systems Support
Office, by phone at 916-319-0809 or by email at lcff@cde.ca.gov.
Introduction and Instructions
The Local Control Funding Formula (LCFF) requires local educational agencies (LEAs) to engage their local educational partners in an annual
planning process to evaluate their progress within eight state priority areas encompassing all statutory metrics (COEs have 10 state priorities).
LEAs document the results of this planning process in the LCAP using the template adopted by the State Board of Education.
The LCAP development process serves three distinct, but related functions:
• Comprehensive Strategic Planning: The process of developing and annually updating the LCAP supports comprehensive strategic planning
(California Education Code [EC] Section 52064[e][1]). Strategic planning that is comprehensive connects budgetary decisions to teaching and
learning performance data. LEAs should continually evaluate the hard choices they make about the use of limited resources to meet student and
community needs to ensure opportunities and outcomes are improved for all students.
• Meaningful Engagement of Educational Partners: The LCAP development process should result in an LCAP that reflects decisions made
through meaningful engagement (EC Section 52064[e][1]). Local educational partners possess valuable perspectives and insights about an LEA's
programs and services. Effective strategic planning will incorporate these perspectives and insights in order to identify potential goals and actions to
be included in the LCAP.
• Accountability and Compliance: The LCAP serves an important accountability function because aspects of the LCAP template require LEAs to
show that they have complied with various requirements specified in the LCFF statutes and regulations, most notably:
o Demonstrating that LEAs are increasing or improving services for foster youth, English learners, and low-income students in proportion to
the amount of additional funding those students generate under LCFF (EC Section 52064[b][4-6]).
o Establishing goals, supported by actions and related expenditures, that address the statutory priority areas and statutory metrics (EC
sections 52064[b][1] and [2]).
o Annually reviewing and updating the LCAP to reflect progress toward the goals (EC Section 52064[b][7]).
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 41 of 62
The LCAP template, like each LEA’s final adopted LCAP, is a document, not a process. LEAs must use the template to memorialize the
outcome of their LCAP development process, which should: (a) reflect comprehensive strategic planning (b) through meaningful engagement
with educational partners that (c) meets legal requirements, as reflected in the final adopted LCAP. The sections included within the LCAP
template do not and cannot reflect the full development process, just as the LCAP template itself is not intended as a tool for engaging
educational partners.
If a county superintendent of schools has jurisdiction over a single school district, the county board of education and the governing board of
the school district may adopt and file for review and approval a single LCAP consistent with the requirements in EC sections 52060, 52062,
52066, 52068, and 52070. The LCAP must clearly articulate to which entity’s budget (school district or county superintendent of schools) all
budgeted and actual expenditures are aligned.
The revised LCAP template for the 2021–22, 2022–23, and 2023–24 school years reflects statutory changes made through Assembly Bill
1840 (Committee on Budget), Chapter 243, Statutes of 2018. These statutory changes enhance transparency regarding expenditures on
actions included in the LCAP, including actions that contribute to meeting the requirement to increase or improve services for foster youth,
English learners, and low-income students, and to streamline the information presented within the LCAP to make adopted LCAPs more
accessible for educational partners and the public.
At its most basic, the adopted LCAP should attempt to distill not just what the LEA is doing for students in transitional kindergarten through
grade twelve (TK–12), but also allow educational partners to understand why, and whether those strategies are leading to improved
opportunities and outcomes for students. LEAs are strongly encouraged to use language and a level of detail in their adopted LCAPs intended
to be meaningful and accessible for the LEA’s diverse educational partners and the broader public.
In developing and finalizing the LCAP for adoption, LEAs are encouraged to keep the following overarching frame at the forefront of the
strategic planning and educational partner engagement functions:
Given present performance across the state priorities and on indicators in the California School Dashboard (Dashboard), how is the
LEA using its budgetary resources to respond to TK–12 student and community needs, and address any performance gaps, including
by meeting its obligation to increase or improve services for foster youth, English learners, and low-income students?
LEAs are encouraged to focus on a set of metrics and actions that the LEA believes, based on input gathered from educational partners,
research, and experience, will have the biggest impact on behalf of its TK–12 students.
These instructions address the requirements for each section of the LCAP, but may include information about effective practices when
developing the LCAP and completing the LCAP itself. Additionally, information is included at the beginning of each section emphasizing the
purpose that each section serves.
Plan Summary
Purpose
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 42 of 62
A well-developed Plan Summary section provides a meaningful context for the LCAP. This section provides information about an LEA’s
community as well as relevant information about student needs and performance. In order to provide a meaningful context for the rest of the
LCAP, the content of this section should be clearly and meaningfully related to the content included in the subsequent sections of the LCAP.
Requirements and Instructions
General Information – Briefly describe the LEA, its schools, and its students in grades TK–12, as applicable to the LEA. For example,
information about an LEA in terms of geography, enrollment, or employment, the number and size of specific schools, recent community
challenges, and other such information as an LEA wishes to include can enable a reader to more fully understand an LEA’s LCAP.
Reflections: Successes – Based on a review of performance on the state indicators and local performance indicators included in the
Dashboard, progress toward LCAP goals, local self-assessment tools, input from educational partners, and any other information, what
progress is the LEA most proud of and how does the LEA plan to maintain or build upon that success? This may include identifying specific
examples of how past increases or improvements in services for foster youth, English learners, and low-income students have led to improved
performance for these students.
Reflections: Identified Need – Referring to the Dashboard, identify: (a) any state indicator for which overall performance was in the “Red” or
“Orange” performance category or any local indicator where the LEA received a “Not Met” or “Not Met for Two or More Years” rating AND (b)
any state indicator for which performance for any student group was two or more performance levels below the “all student” performance.
What steps is the LEA planning to take to address these areas of low performance and performance gaps? An LEA that is required to include
a goal to address one or more consistently low-performing student groups or low-performing schools must identify that it is required to include
this goal and must also identify the applicable student group(s) and/or school(s). Other needs may be identified using locally collected data
including data collected to inform the self-reflection tools and reporting local indicators on the Dashboard.
LCAP Highlights – Identify and briefly summarize the key features of this year’s LCAP.
Comprehensive Support and Improvement – An LEA with a school or schools identified for comprehensive support and improvement (CSI)
under the Every Student Succeeds Act must respond to the following prompts:
● Schools Identified: Identify the schools within the LEA that have been identified for CSI.
● Support for Identified Schools: Describe how the LEA has or will support the identified schools in developing CSI plans that included
a school-level needs assessment, evidence-based interventions, and the identification of any resource inequities to be addressed
through the implementation of the CSI plan.
● Monitoring and Evaluating Effectiveness: Describe how the LEA will monitor and evaluate the implementation and effectiveness of
the CSI plan to support student and school improvement.
Engaging Educational Partners
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 43 of 62
Purpose
Significant and purposeful engagement of parents, students, educators, and other educational partners, including those representing the
student groups identified by LCFF, is critical to the development of the LCAP and the budget process. Consistent with statute, such
engagement should support comprehensive strategic planning, accountability, and improvement across the state priorities and locally
identified priorities (EC Section 52064[e][1]). Engagement of educational partners is an ongoing, annual process.
This section is designed to reflect how the engagement of educational partners influenced the decisions reflected in the adopted LCAP. The
goal is to allow educational partners that participated in the LCAP development process and the broader public understand how the LEA
engaged educational partners and the impact of that engagement. LEAs are encouraged to keep this goal in the forefront when completing
this section.
Statute and regulations specify the educational partners that school districts and COEs must consult when developing the LCAP: teachers,
principals, administrators, other school personnel, local bargaining units of the LEA, parents, and students. Before adopting the LCAP, school
districts and COEs must share it with the Parent Advisory Committee and, if applicable, to its English Learner Parent Advisory Committee. The
superintendent is required by statute to respond in writing to the comments received from these committees. School districts and COEs must
also consult with the special education local plan area administrator(s) when developing the LCAP.
Statute requires charter schools to consult with teachers, principals, administrators, other school personnel, parents, and students in
developing the LCAP. The LCAP should also be shared with, and LEAs should request input from, schoolsite-level advisory groups, as
applicable (e.g., schoolsite councils, English Learner Advisory Councils, student advisory groups, etc.), to facilitate alignment between
schoolsite and district-level goals and actions.
Information and resources that support effective engagement, define student consultation, and provide the requirements for advisory group
composition, can be found under Resources on the following web page of the CDE’s website: https://www.cde.ca.gov/re/lc/.
Requirements and Instructions
Below is an excerpt from the 2018–19 Guide for Annual Audits of K–12 Local Education Agencies and State Compliance Reporting, which is
provided to highlight the legal requirements for engagement of educational partners in the LCAP development process:
Local Control and Accountability Plan:
For county offices of education and school districts only, verify the LEA:
a) Presented the local control and accountability plan to the parent advisory committee in accordance with Education Code section
52062(a)(1) or 52068(a)(1), as appropriate.
b) If applicable, presented the local control and accountability plan to the English learner parent advisory committee, in accordance
with Education Code section 52062(a)(2) or 52068(a)(2), as appropriate.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 44 of 62
c) Notified members of the public of the opportunity to submit comments regarding specific actions and expenditures proposed to
be included in the local control and accountability plan in accordance with Education Code section 52062(a)(3) or 52068(a)(3),
as appropriate.
d) Held at least one public hearing in accordance with Education Code section 52062(b)(1) or 52068(b)(1), as appropriate.
e) Adopted the local control and accountability plan in a public meeting in accordance with Education Code section 52062(b)(2) or
52068(b)(2), as appropriate.
Prompt 1: “A summary of the process used to engage educational partners and how this engagement was considered before finalizing the
LCAP.”
Describe the engagement process used by the LEA to involve educational partners in the development of the LCAP, including, at a minimum,
describing how the LEA met its obligation to consult with all statutorily required educational partners as applicable to the type of LEA. A
sufficient response to this prompt must include general information about the timeline of the process and meetings or other engagement
strategies with educational partners. A response may also include information about an LEA’s philosophical approach to engaging its
educational partners.
Prompt 2: “A summary of the feedback provided by specific educational partners.”
Describe and summarize the feedback provided by specific educational partners. A sufficient response to this prompt will indicate ideas,
trends, or inputs that emerged from an analysis of the feedback received from educational partners.
Prompt 3: “A description of the aspects of the LCAP that were influenced by specific input from educational partners.”
A sufficient response to this prompt will provide educational partners and the public with clear, specific information about how the engagement
process influenced the development of the LCAP. The response must describe aspects of the LCAP that were influenced by or developed in
response to the educational partner feedback described in response to Prompt 2. This may include a description of how the LEA prioritized
requests of educational partners within the context of the budgetary resources available or otherwise prioritized areas of focus within the
LCAP. For the purposes of this prompt, “aspects” of an LCAP that may have been influenced by educational partner input can include, but are
not necessarily limited to:
• Inclusion of a goal or decision to pursue a Focus Goal (as described below)
• Inclusion of metrics other than the statutorily required metrics
• Determination of the desired outcome on one or more metrics
• Inclusion of performance by one or more student groups in the Measuring and Reporting Results subsection
• Inclusion of action(s) or a group of actions
• Elimination of action(s) or group of actions
• Changes to the level of proposed expenditures for one or more actions
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 45 of 62
• Inclusion of action(s) as contributing to increased or improved services for unduplicated services
• Determination of effectiveness of the specific actions to achieve the goal
• Determination of material differences in expenditures
• Determination of changes made to a goal for the ensuing LCAP year based on the annual update process
• Determination of challenges or successes in the implementation of actions
Goals and Actions
Purpose
Well-developed goals will clearly communicate to educational partners what the LEA plans to accomplish, what the LEA plans to do in order to
accomplish the goal, and how the LEA will know when it has accomplished the goal. A goal statement, associated metrics and expected
outcomes, and the actions included in the goal should be in alignment. The explanation for why the LEA included a goal is an opportunity for
LEAs to clearly communicate to educational partners and the public why, among the various strengths and areas for improvement highlighted
by performance data and strategies and actions that could be pursued, the LEA decided to pursue this goal, and the related metrics, expected
outcomes, actions, and expenditures.
A well-developed goal can be focused on the performance relative to a metric or metrics for all students, a specific student group(s), narrowing
performance gaps, or implementing programs or strategies expected to impact outcomes. LEAs should assess the performance of their
student groups when developing goals and the related actions to achieve such goals.
Requirements and Instructions
LEAs should prioritize the goals, specific actions, and related expenditures included within the LCAP within one or more state priorities. LEAs
should consider performance on the state and local indicators, including their locally collected and reported data for the local indicators that
are included in the Dashboard in determining whether and how to prioritize its goals within the LCAP.
In order to support prioritization of goals, the LCAP template provides LEAs with the option of developing three different kinds of goals:
• Focus Goal: A Focus Goal is relatively more concentrated in scope and may focus on a fewer number of metrics to measure improvement. A Focus
Goal statement will be time bound and make clear how the goal is to be measured.
• Broad Goal: A Broad Goal is relatively less concentrated in its scope and may focus on improving performance across a wide range of metrics.
• Maintenance of Progress Goal: A Maintenance of Progress Goal includes actions that may be ongoing without significant changes and allows an
LEA to track performance on any metrics not addressed in the other goals of the LCAP.
At a minimum, the LCAP must address all LCFF priorities and associated metrics.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 46 of 62
Focus Goal(s)
Goal Description: The description provided for a Focus Goal must be specific, measurable, and time bound. An LEA develops a Focus Goal
to address areas of need that may require or benefit from a more specific and data intensive approach. The Focus Goal can explicitly
reference the metric(s) by which achievement of the goal will be measured and the time frame according to which the LEA expects to achieve
the goal.
Explanation of why the LEA has developed this goal: Explain why the LEA has chosen to prioritize this goal. An explanation must be
based on Dashboard data or other locally collected data. LEAs must describe how the LEA identified this goal for focused attention, including
relevant consultation with educational partners. LEAs are encouraged to promote transparency and understanding around the decision to
pursue a focus goal.
Broad Goal
Goal Description: Describe what the LEA plans to achieve through the actions included in the goal. The description of a broad goal will be
clearly aligned with the expected measurable outcomes included for the goal. The goal description organizes the actions and expected
outcomes in a cohesive and consistent manner. A goal description is specific enough to be measurable in either quantitative or qualitative
terms. A broad goal is not as specific as a focus goal. While it is specific enough to be measurable, there are many different metrics for
measuring progress toward the goal.
Explanation of why the LEA has developed this goal: Explain why the LEA developed this goal and how the actions and metrics grouped
together will help achieve the goal.
Maintenance of Progress Goal
Goal Description: Describe how the LEA intends to maintain the progress made in the LCFF State Priorities not addressed by the other goals
in the LCAP. Use this type of goal to address the state priorities and applicable metrics not addressed within the other goals in the LCAP. The
state priorities and metrics to be addressed in this section are those for which the LEA, in consultation with educational partners, has
determined to maintain actions and monitor progress while focusing implementation efforts on the actions covered by other goals in the LCAP.
Explanation of why the LEA has developed this goal: Explain how the actions will sustain the progress exemplified by the related metrics.
Required Goals
In general, LEAs have flexibility in determining what goals to include in the LCAP and what those goals will address; however, beginning with
the development of the 2022–23 LCAP, LEAs that meet certain criteria are required to include a specific goal in their LCAP.
Consistently low-performing student group(s) criteria: An LEA is eligible for Differentiated Assistance for three or more consecutive years
based on the performance of the same student group or groups in the Dashboard. A list of the LEAs required to include a goal in the LCAP
based on student group performance, and the student group(s) that lead to identification, may be found on the CDE’s Local Control Funding
Formula web page at https://www.cde.ca.gov/fg/aa/lc/.
• Consistently low-performing student group(s) goal requirement: An LEA meeting the consistently low-performing student group(s) criteria must
include a goal in its LCAP focused on improving the performance of the student group or groups that led to the LEA’s eligibility for Differentiated
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 47 of 62
Assistance. This goal must include metrics, outcomes, actions, and expenditures specific to addressing the needs of, and improving outcomes for,
this student group or groups. An LEA required to address multiple student groups is not required to have a goal to address each student group;
however, each student group must be specifically addressed in the goal. This requirement may not be met by combining this required goal with
another goal.
• Goal Description: Describe the outcomes the LEA plans to achieve to address the needs of, and improve outcomes for, the student group or
groups that led to the LEA’s eligibility for Differentiated Assistance.
• Explanation of why the LEA has developed this goal: Explain why the LEA is required to develop this goal, including identifying the student
group(s) that lead to the LEA being required to develop this goal, how the actions and associated metrics included in this goal differ from previous
efforts to improve outcomes for the student group(s), and why the LEA believes the actions, metrics, and expenditures included in this goal will help
achieve the outcomes identified in the goal description.
Low-performing school(s) criteria: The following criteria only applies to a school district or COE with two or more schools; it does not apply
to a single-school district. A school district or COE has one or more schools that, for two consecutive years, received the two lowest
performance levels on all but one of the state indicators for which the school(s) receive performance levels in the Dashboard and the
performance of the “All Students” student group for the LEA is at least one performance level higher in all of those indicators. A list of the LEAs
required to include a goal in the LCAP based on school performance, and the school(s) that lead to identification, may be found on the CDE’s
Local Control Funding Formula web page at https://www.cde.ca.gov/fg/aa/lc/.
• Low-performing school(s) goal requirement: A school district or COE meeting the low-performing school(s) criteria must include a goal in its
LCAP focusing on addressing the disparities in performance between the school(s) and the LEA as a whole. This goal must include metrics,
outcomes, actions, and expenditures specific to addressing the needs of, and improving outcomes for, the students enrolled at the low-performing
school or schools. An LEA required to address multiple schools is not required to have a goal to address each school; however, each school must
be specifically addressed in the goal. This requirement may not be met by combining this goal with another goal.
• Goal Description: Describe what outcomes the LEA plans to achieve to address the disparities in performance between the students enrolled at
the low-performing school(s) and the students enrolled at the LEA as a whole.
• Explanation of why the LEA has developed this goal: Explain why the LEA is required to develop this goal, including identifying the schools(s)
that lead to the LEA being required to develop this goal; how the actions and associated metrics included in this goal differ from previous efforts to
improve outcomes for the school(s); and why the LEA believes the actions, metrics, and expenditures included in this goal will help achieve the
outcomes for students enrolled at the low-performing school or schools identified in the goal description.
Measuring and Reporting Results:
For each LCAP year, identify the metric(s) that the LEA will use to track progress toward the expected outcomes. LEAs are encouraged to
identify metrics for specific student groups, as appropriate, including expected outcomes that would reflect narrowing of any existing
performance gaps.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 48 of 62
Include in the baseline column the most recent data associated with this metric available at the time of adoption of the LCAP for the first year
of the three-year plan. LEAs may use data as reported on the 2019 Dashboard for the baseline of a metric only if that data represents the
most recent available (e.g., high school graduation rate).
Using the most recent data available may involve reviewing data the LEA is preparing for submission to the California Longitudinal Pupil
Achievement Data System (CALPADS) or data that the LEA has recently submitted to CALPADS. Because final 2020–21 outcomes on some
metrics may not be computable at the time the 2021–24 LCAP is adopted (e.g., graduation rate, suspension rate), the most recent data
available may include a point in time calculation taken each year on the same date for comparability purposes.
The baseline data shall remain unchanged throughout the three-year LCAP.
Complete the table as follows:
● Metric: Indicate how progress is being measured using a metric.
● Baseline: Enter the baseline when completing the LCAP for 2021–22. As described above, the baseline is the most recent data
associated with a metric. Indicate the school year to which the data applies, consistent with the instructions above.
● Year 1 Outcome: When completing the LCAP for 2022–23, enter the most recent data available. Indicate the school year to which the
data applies, consistent with the instructions above.
● Year 2 Outcome: When completing the LCAP for 2023–24, enter the most recent data available. Indicate the school year to which the
data applies, consistent with the instructions above.
● Year 3 Outcome: When completing the LCAP for 2024–25, enter the most recent data available. Indicate the school year to which the
data applies, consistent with the instructions above. The 2024–25 LCAP will be the first year in the next three-year cycle. Completing
this column will be part of the Annual Update for that year.
● Desired Outcome for 2023–24: When completing the first year of the LCAP, enter the desired outcome for the relevant metric the LEA
expects to achieve by the end of the 2023–24 LCAP year.
Timeline for completing the “Measuring and Reporting Results” part of the Goal.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 49 of 62
Desired Outcome
Metric Baseline Year 1 Outcome Year 2 Outcome Year 3 Outcome for Year 3
(2023–24)
Enter information
Enter information Enter information Enter information
Enter information Enter information in this box when
in this box when in this box when in this box when
in this box when in this box when completing the
completing the completing the completing the
completing the completing the LCAP for 2021–
LCAP for 2022– LCAP for 2023– LCAP for 2024–
LCAP for 2021– LCAP for 2021– 22 or when
23. Leave blank 24. Leave blank 25. Leave blank
22. 22. adding a new
until then. until then. until then.
metric.
The metrics may be quantitative or qualitative; but at minimum, an LEA’s LCAP must include goals that are measured using all of the
applicable metrics for the related state priorities, in each LCAP year as applicable to the type of LEA. To the extent a state priority does not
specify one or more metrics (e.g., implementation of state academic content and performance standards), the LEA must identify a metric to
use within the LCAP. For these state priorities, LEAs are encouraged to use metrics based on or reported through the relevant self-reflection
tool for local indicators within the Dashboard.
Actions: Enter the action number. Provide a short title for the action. This title will also appear in the action tables. Provide a description of the
action. Enter the total amount of expenditures associated with this action. Budgeted expenditures from specific fund sources will be provided
in the summary tables. Indicate whether the action contributes to meeting the increase or improved services requirement as described in the
Increased or Improved Services section using a “Y” for Yes or an “N” for No. (Note: for each such action offered on an LEA-wide or
schoolwide basis, the LEA will need to provide additional information in the Increased or Improved Summary Section to address the
requirements in California Code of Regulations, Title 5 [5 CCR] Section 15496(b) in the Increased or Improved Services Section of the LCAP).
Actions for English Learners: School districts, COEs, and charter schools that have a numerically significant English learner student
subgroup must include specific actions in the LCAP related to, at a minimum, the language acquisition programs, as defined in EC
Section 306, provided to students and professional development activities specific to English learners.
Actions for Foster Youth: School districts, COEs, and charter schools that have a numerically significant Foster Youth student
subgroup are encouraged to include specific actions in the LCAP designed to meet needs specific to Foster Youth students.
Goal Analysis:
Enter the LCAP Year.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 50 of 62
Using actual annual measurable outcome data, including data from the Dashboard, analyze whether the planned actions were effective in
achieving the goal. Respond to the prompts as instructed.
● Describe the overall implementation of the actions to achieve the articulated goal. Include a discussion of relevant challenges and
successes experienced with the implementation process. This must include any instance where the LEA did not implement a planned
action or implemented a planned action in a manner that differs substantively from how it was described in the adopted LCAP.
● Explain material differences between Budgeted Expenditures and Estimated Actual Expenditures and between the Planned
Percentages of Improved Services and Estimated Actual Percentages of Improved Services, as applicable. Minor variances in
expenditures or percentages do not need to be addressed, and a dollar-for-dollar accounting is not required.
● Describe the effectiveness of the specific actions to achieve the articulated goal as measured by the LEA. In some cases, not all
actions in a goal will be intended to improve performance on all of the metrics associated with the goal. When responding to this
prompt, LEAs may assess the effectiveness of a single action or group of actions within the goal in the context of performance on a
single metric or group of specific metrics within the goal that are applicable to the action(s). Grouping actions with metrics will allow for
more robust analysis of whether the strategy the LEA is using to impact a specified set of metrics is working and increase transparency
for educational partners. LEAs are encouraged to use such an approach when goals include multiple actions and metrics that are not
closely associated.
● Describe any changes made to this goal, expected outcomes, metrics, or actions to achieve this goal as a result of this analysis and
analysis of the data provided in the Dashboard or other local data, as applicable.
Increased or Improved Services for Foster Youth, English Learners, and Low-
Income Students
Purpose
A well-written Increased or Improved Services section provides educational partners with a comprehensive description, within a single
dedicated section, of how an LEA plans to increase or improve services for its unduplicated students in grades TK–12 as compared to all
students in grades TK–12, as applicable, and how LEA-wide or schoolwide actions identified for this purpose meet regulatory requirements.
Descriptions provided should include sufficient detail yet be sufficiently succinct to promote a broader understanding of educational partners to
facilitate their ability to provide input. An LEA’s description in this section must align with the actions included in the Goals and Actions section
as contributing.
Requirements and Instructions
Projected LCFF Supplemental and/or Concentration Grants: Specify the amount of LCFF supplemental and concentration grant funds the
LEA estimates it will receive in the coming year based on the number and concentration of low income, foster youth, and English learner
students.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 51 of 62
Projected Additional LCFF Concentration Grant (15 percent): Specify the amount of additional LCFF concentration grant add-on funding,
as described in EC Section 42238.02, that the LEA estimates it will receive in the coming year.
Projected Percentage to Increase or Improve Services for the Coming School Year: Specify the estimated percentage by which services
for unduplicated pupils must be increased or improved as compared to the services provided to all students in the LCAP year as calculated
pursuant to 5 CCR Section 15496(a)(7).
LCFF Carryover — Percentage: Specify the LCFF Carryover — Percentage identified in the LCFF Carryover Table. If a carryover
percentage is not identified in the LCFF Carryover Table, specify a percentage of zero (0.00%).
LCFF Carryover — Dollar: Specify the LCFF Carryover — Dollar amount identified in the LCFF Carryover Table. If a carryover amount is not
identified in the LCFF Carryover Table, specify an amount of zero ($0).
Total Percentage to Increase or Improve Services for the Coming School Year: Add the Projected Percentage to Increase or Improve
Services for the Coming School Year and the Proportional LCFF Required Carryover Percentage and specify the percentage. This is the LEAs
percentage by which services for unduplicated pupils must be increased or improved as compared to the services provided to all students in
the LCAP year, as calculated pursuant to 5 CCR Section 15496(a)(7).
Required Descriptions:
For each action being provided to an entire school, or across the entire school district or COE, an explanation of (1) how the needs
of foster youth, English learners, and low-income students were considered first, and (2) how these actions are effective in meeting
the goals for these students.
For each action included in the Goals and Actions section as contributing to the increased or improved services requirement for unduplicated
pupils and provided on an LEA-wide or schoolwide basis, the LEA must include an explanation consistent with 5 CCR Section 15496(b). For
any such actions continued into the 2021–24 LCAP from the 2017–2020 LCAP, the LEA must determine whether or not the action was
effective as expected, and this determination must reflect evidence of outcome data or actual implementation to date.
Principally Directed and Effective: An LEA demonstrates how an action is principally directed towards and effective in meeting the LEA’s
goals for unduplicated students when the LEA explains how:
● It considers the needs, conditions, or circumstances of its unduplicated pupils;
● The action, or aspect(s) of the action (including, for example, its design, content, methods, or location), is based on these
considerations; and
● The action is intended to help achieve an expected measurable outcome of the associated goal.
As such, the response provided in this section may rely on a needs assessment of unduplicated students.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 52 of 62
Conclusory statements that a service will help achieve an expected outcome for the goal, without an explicit connection or further explanation
as to how, are not sufficient. Further, simply stating that an LEA has a high enrollment percentage of a specific student group or groups does
not meet the increase or improve services standard because enrolling students is not the same as serving students.
For example, if an LEA determines that low-income students have a significantly lower attendance rate than the attendance rate for all
students, it might justify LEA-wide or schoolwide actions to address this area of need in the following way:
After assessing the needs, conditions, and circumstances of our low-income students, we learned that the attendance rate of our low-
income students is 7 percent lower than the attendance rate for all students. (Needs, Conditions, Circumstances [Principally Directed])
In order to address this condition of our low-income students, we will develop and implement a new attendance program that is
designed to address some of the major causes of absenteeism, including lack of reliable transportation and food, as well as a school
climate that does not emphasize the importance of attendance. Goal N, Actions X, Y, and Z provide additional transportation and
nutritional resources as well as a districtwide educational campaign on the benefits of high attendance rates. (Contributing Action[s])
These actions are being provided on an LEA-wide basis and we expect/hope that all students with less than a 100 percent attendance
rate will benefit. However, because of the significantly lower attendance rate of low-income students, and because the actions meet
needs most associated with the chronic stresses and experiences of a socio-economically disadvantaged status, we expect that the
attendance rate for our low-income students will increase significantly more than the average attendance rate of all other students.
(Measurable Outcomes [Effective In])
COEs and Charter Schools: Describe how actions included as contributing to meeting the increased or improved services requirement on an
LEA-wide basis are principally directed to and effective in meeting its goals for unduplicated pupils in the state and any local priorities as
described above. In the case of COEs and charter schools, schoolwide and LEA-wide are considered to be synonymous.
For School Districts Only:
Actions Provided on an LEA-Wide Basis:
Unduplicated Percentage > 55 percent: For school districts with an unduplicated pupil percentage of 55 percent or more, describe how
these actions are principally directed to and effective in meeting its goals for unduplicated pupils in the state and any local priorities as
described above.
Unduplicated Percentage < 55 percent: For school districts with an unduplicated pupil percentage of less than 55 percent, describe how
these actions are principally directed to and effective in meeting its goals for unduplicated pupils in the state and any local priorities. Also
describe how the actions are the most effective use of the funds to meet these goals for its unduplicated pupils. Provide the basis for this
determination, including any alternatives considered, supporting research, experience, or educational theory.
Actions Provided on a Schoolwide Basis:
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 53 of 62
School Districts must identify in the description those actions being funded and provided on a schoolwide basis, and include the required
description supporting the use of the funds on a schoolwide basis.
For schools with 40 percent or more enrollment of unduplicated pupils: Describe how these actions are principally directed to and
effective in meeting its goals for its unduplicated pupils in the state and any local priorities.
For school districts expending funds on a schoolwide basis at a school with less than 40 percent enrollment of unduplicated pupils:
Describe how these actions are principally directed to and how the actions are the most effective use of the funds to meet its goals for foster
youth, English learners, and low-income students in the state and any local priorities.
A description of how services for foster youth, English learners, and low-income students are being increased or improved by the
percentage required.
Consistent with the requirements of 5 CCR Section 15496, describe how services provided for unduplicated pupils are increased or improved
by at least the percentage calculated as compared to the services provided for all students in the LCAP year. To improve services means to
grow services in quality and to increase services means to grow services in quantity. Services are increased or improved by those actions in
the LCAP that are included in the Goals and Actions section as contributing to the increased or improved services requirement, whether they
are provided on an LEA-wide or schoolwide basis or provided on a limited basis to unduplicated students. A limited action is an action that
only serves foster youth, English learners, and/or low-income students. This description must address how these action(s) are expected to
result in the required proportional increase or improvement in services for unduplicated pupils as compared to the services the LEA provides
to all students for the relevant LCAP year.
For any action contributing to meeting the increased or improved services requirement that is associated with a Planned Percentage of
Improved Services in the Contributing Summary Table rather than an expenditure of LCFF funds, describe the methodology that was used to
determine the contribution of the action towards the proportional percentage. See the instructions for determining the Planned Percentage of
Improved Services for information on calculating the Percentage of Improved Services.
A description of the plan for how the additional concentration grant add-on funding identified above will be used to increase the
number of staff providing direct services to students at schools that have a high concentration (above 55 percent) of foster youth,
English learners, and low-income students, as applicable.
An LEA that receives the additional concentration grant add-on described in EC Section 42238.02 is required to demonstrate how it is using
these funds to increase the number of staff who provide direct services to students at schools with an enrollment of unduplicated students that
is greater than 55 percent as compared to the number of staff who provide direct services to students at schools with an enrollment of
unduplicated students that is equal to or less than 55 percent. The staff who provide direct services to students must be certificated staff
and/or classified staff employed by the LEA; classified staff includes custodial staff.
Provide the following descriptions, as applicable to the LEA:
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 54 of 62
An LEA that does not receive a concentration grant or the concentration grant add-on must indicate that a response to this prompt is not
applicable.
Identify the goal and action numbers of the actions in the LCAP that the LEA is implementing to meet the requirement to increase the number
of staff who provide direct services to students at schools with an enrollment of unduplicated students that is greater than 55 percent.
An LEA that does not have comparison schools from which to describe how it is using the concentration grant add-on funds, such as an LEA
that only has schools with an enrollment of unduplicated students that is greater than 55 percent, must describe how it is using the funds to
increase the number of credentialed staff, classified staff, or both, including custodial staff, who provide direct services to students at selected
schools and the criteria used to determine which schools require additional staffing support.
In the event that an additional concentration grant add-on is not sufficient to increase staff providing direct services to students at a school with
an enrollment of unduplicated students that is greater than 55 percent, the LEA must describe how it is using the funds to retain staff providing
direct services to students at a school with an enrollment of unduplicated students that is greater than 55 percent.
Complete the table as follows:
• Provide the staff-to-student ratio of classified staff providing direct services to students with a concentration of unduplicated students that is 55
percent or less and the staff-to-student ratio of classified staff providing direct services to students at schools with a concentration of unduplicated
students that is greater than 55 percent, as applicable to the LEA. The LEA may group its schools by grade span (Elementary, Middle/Junior High,
and High Schools), as applicable to the LEA. The staff-to-student ratio must be based on the number of full time equivalent (FTE) staff and the
number of enrolled students as counted on the first Wednesday in October of each year.
• Provide the staff-to-student ratio of certificated staff providing direct services to students at schools with a concentration of unduplicated students
that is 55 percent or less and the staff-to-student ratio of certificated staff providing direct services to students at schools with a concentration of
unduplicated students that is greater than 55 percent, as applicable to the LEA. The LEA may group its schools by grade span (Elementary,
Middle/Junior High, and High Schools), as applicable to the LEA. The staff-to-student ratio must be based on the number of FTE staff and the
number of enrolled students as counted on the first Wednesday in October of each year.
Action Tables
Complete the Data Entry Table for each action in the LCAP. The information entered into this table will automatically populate the other Action
Tables. Information is only entered into the Data Entry Table, the Annual Update Table, the Contributing Actions Annual Update Table, and
the LCFF Carryover Table. With the exception of the Data Entry Table, the word “input” has been added to column headers to aid in identifying
the column(s) where information will be entered. Information is not entered on the remaining Action tables.
The following tables are required to be included as part of the LCAP adopted by the local governing board or governing body:
• Table 1: Total Planned Expenditures Table (for the coming LCAP Year)
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 55 of 62
• Table 2: Contributing Actions Table (for the coming LCAP Year)
• Table 3: Annual Update Table (for the current LCAP Year)
• Table 4: Contributing Actions Annual Update Table (for the current LCAP Year)
• Table 5: LCFF Carryover Table (for the current LCAP Year)
Note: The coming LCAP Year is the year that is being planned for, while the current LCAP year is the current year of implementation. For
example, when developing the 2022–23 LCAP, 2022–23 will be the coming LCAP Year and 2021–22 will be the current LCAP Year.
Data Entry Table
The Data Entry Table may be included in the LCAP as adopted by the local governing board or governing body, but is not required to be
included. In the Data Entry Table, input the following information for each action in the LCAP for that applicable LCAP year:
• LCAP Year: Identify the applicable LCAP Year.
• 1. Projected LCFF Base Grant: Provide the total amount of LCFF funding the LEA estimates it will receive for the coming school year,
excluding the supplemental and concentration grants and the add-ons for the Targeted Instructional Improvement Grant Program and
the Home to School Transportation Program, pursuant to 5 CCR Section 15496(a)(8).
See EC sections 2574 (for COEs) and 42238.02 (for school districts and charter schools), as applicable, for LCFF apportionment
calculations.
• 2. Projected LCFF Supplemental and/or Concentration Grants: Provide the total amount of LCFF supplemental and concentration
grants the LEA estimates it will receive on the basis of the number and concentration of unduplicated students for the coming school
year.
• 3. Projected Percentage to Increase or Improve Services for the Coming School Year: This percentage will not be entered; it is
calculated based on the Projected LCFF Base Grant and the Projected LCFF Supplemental and/or Concentration Grants, pursuant to 5
CCR Section 15496(a)(8). This is the percentage by which services for unduplicated pupils must be increased or improved as
compared to the services provided to all students in the coming LCAP year.
• LCFF Carryover — Percentage: Specify the LCFF Carryover — Percentage identified in the LCFF Carryover Table from the prior
LCAP year. If a carryover percentage is not identified in the LCFF Carryover Table, specify a percentage of zero (0.00%).
• Total Percentage to Increase or Improve Services for the Coming School Year: This percentage will not be entered; it is calculated
based on the Projected Percentage to Increase or Improve Services for the Coming School Year and the LCFF Carryover —
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 56 of 62
Percentage. This is the percentage by which the LEA must increase or improve services for unduplicated pupils as compared to the
services provided to all students in the coming LCAP year.
• Goal #: Enter the LCAP Goal number for the action.
• Action #: Enter the action’s number as indicated in the LCAP Goal.
• Action Title: Provide a title of the action.
• Student Group(s): Indicate the student group or groups who will be the primary beneficiary of the action by entering “All,” or by
entering a specific student group or groups.
• Contributing to Increased or Improved Services?: Type “Yes” if the action is included as contributing to meeting the increased or
improved services; OR, type “No” if the action is not included as contributing to meeting the increased or improved services.
• If “Yes” is entered into the Contributing column, then complete the following columns:
o Scope: The scope of an action may be LEA-wide (i.e., districtwide, countywide, or charterwide), schoolwide, or limited. An action
that is LEA-wide in scope upgrades the entire educational program of the LEA. An action that is schoolwide in scope upgrades
the entire educational program of a single school. An action that is limited in its scope is an action that serves only one or more
unduplicated student groups.
o Unduplicated Student Group(s): Regardless of scope, contributing actions serve one or more unduplicated student groups.
Indicate one or more unduplicated student groups for whom services are being increased or improved as compared to what all
students receive.
o Location: Identify the location where the action will be provided. If the action is provided to all schools within the LEA, the LEA
must indicate “All Schools.” If the action is provided to specific schools within the LEA or specific grade spans only, the LEA must
enter “Specific Schools” or “Specific Grade Spans.” Identify the individual school or a subset of schools or grade spans (e.g., all
high schools or grades transitional kindergarten through grade five), as appropriate.
• Time Span: Enter “ongoing” if the action will be implemented for an indeterminate period of time. Otherwise, indicate the span of time
for which the action will be implemented. For example, an LEA might enter “1 Year,” or “2 Years,” or “6 Months.”
• Total Personnel: Enter the total amount of personnel expenditures utilized to implement this action.
• Total Non-Personnel: This amount will be automatically calculated based on information provided in the Total Personnel column and
the Total Funds column.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 57 of 62
• LCFF Funds: Enter the total amount of LCFF funds utilized to implement this action, if any. LCFF funds include all funds that make up
an LEA’s total LCFF target (i.e., base grant, grade span adjustment, supplemental grant, concentration grant, Targeted Instructional
Improvement Block Grant, and Home-To-School Transportation).
o Note: For an action to contribute towards meeting the increased or improved services requirement it must include some
measure of LCFF funding. The action may also include funding from other sources, however the extent to which an action
contributes to meeting the increased or improved services requirement is based on the LCFF funding being used to implement
the action.
• Other State Funds: Enter the total amount of Other State Funds utilized to implement this action, if any.
• Local Funds: Enter the total amount of Local Funds utilized to implement this action, if any.
• Federal Funds: Enter the total amount of Federal Funds utilized to implement this action, if any.
• Total Funds: This amount is automatically calculated based on amounts entered in the previous four columns.
• Planned Percentage of Improved Services: For any action identified as contributing, being provided on a Limited basis to
unduplicated students, and that does not have funding associated with the action, enter the planned quality improvement anticipated for
the action as a percentage rounded to the nearest hundredth (0.00%). A limited action is an action that only serves foster youth, English
learners, and/or low-income students.
o As noted in the instructions for the Increased or Improved Services section, when identifying a Planned Percentage of Improved
Services, the LEA must describe the methodology that it used to determine the contribution of the action towards the proportional
percentage. The percentage of improved services for an action corresponds to the amount of LCFF funding that the LEA
estimates it would expend to implement the action if it were funded.
For example, an LEA determines that there is a need to analyze data to ensure that instructional aides and expanded learning
providers know what targeted supports to provide to students who are foster youth. The LEA could implement this action by
hiring additional staff to collect and analyze data and to coordinate supports for students, which the LEA estimates would cost
$165,000. Instead, the LEA chooses to utilize a portion of existing staff time to analyze data relating to students who are foster
youth. This analysis will then be shared with site principals who will use the data to coordinate services provided by instructional
assistants and expanded learning providers to target support to students. In this example, the LEA would divide the estimated
cost of $165,000 by the amount of LCFF Funding identified in the Data Entry Table and then convert the quotient to a
percentage. This percentage is the Planned Percentage of Improved Service for the action.
Contributing Actions Table
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 58 of 62
As noted above, information will not be entered in the Contributing Actions Table; however, the ‘Contributing to Increased or Improved
Services?’ column will need to be checked to ensure that only actions with a “Yes” are displaying. If actions with a “No” are displayed or if
actions that are contributing are not displaying in the column, use the drop-down menu in the column header to filter only the “Yes” responses.
Annual Update Table
In the Annual Update Table, provide the following information for each action in the LCAP for the relevant LCAP year:
• Estimated Actual Expenditures: Enter the total estimated actual expenditures to implement this action, if any.
Contributing Actions Annual Update Table
In the Contributing Actions Annual Update Table, check the ‘Contributing to Increased or Improved Services?’ column to ensure that only
actions with a “Yes” are displaying. If actions with a “No” are displayed or if actions that are contributing are not displaying in the column, use
the drop-down menu in the column header to filter only the “Yes” responses. Provide the following information for each contributing action in
the LCAP for the relevant LCAP year:
• 6. Estimated Actual LCFF Supplemental and/or Concentration Grants: Provide the total amount of LCFF supplemental and concentration
grants the LEA estimates it will actually receive based on of the number and concentration of unduplicated students in the current school year.
• Estimated Actual Expenditures for Contributing Actions: Enter the total estimated actual expenditure of LCFF funds used to implement this
action, if any.
• Estimated Actual Percentage of Improved Services: For any action identified as contributing, being provided on a Limited basis only to
unduplicated students, and that does not have funding associated with the action, enter the total estimated actual quality improvement anticipated
for the action as a percentage rounded to the nearest hundredth (0.00%).
o Building on the example provided above for calculating the Planned Percentage of Improved Services, the LEA in the example implements
the action. As part of the annual update process, the LEA reviews implementation and student outcome data and determines that the action
was implemented with fidelity and that outcomes for foster youth students improved. The LEA reviews the original estimated cost for the
action and determines that had it hired additional staff to collect and analyze data and to coordinate supports for students that estimated
actual cost would have been $169,500 due to a cost of living adjustment. The LEA would divide the estimated actual cost of $169,500 by the
amount of LCFF Funding identified in the Data Entry Table and then convert the quotient to a percentage. This percentage is the Estimated
Actual Percentage of Improved Services for the action.
LCFF Carryover Table
• 9. Estimated Actual LCFF Base Grant: Provide the total amount of LCFF funding the LEA estimates it will receive for the current
school year, excluding the supplemental and concentration grants and the add-ons for the Targeted Instructional Improvement Grant
Program and the Home to School Transportation Program, pursuant to 5 CCR Section 15496(a)(8).
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 59 of 62
• 10. Total Percentage to Increase or Improve Services for the Current School Year: This percentage will not be entered. The
percentage is calculated based on the amounts of the Estimated Actual LCFF Base Grant (9) and the Estimated Actual LCFF
Supplemental and/or Concentration Grants (6), pursuant to 5 CCR Section 15496(a)(8), plus the LCFF Carryover – Percentage from
the prior year. This is the percentage by which services for unduplicated pupils must be increased or improved as compared to the
services provided to all students in the current LCAP year.
Calculations in the Action Tables
To reduce the duplication of effort of LEAs, the Action Tables include functionality such as pre-population of fields and cells based on the
information provided in the Data Entry Table, the Annual Update Summary Table, and the Contributing Actions Table. For transparency, the
functionality and calculations used are provided below.
Contributing Actions Table
• 4. Total Planned Contributing Expenditures (LCFF Funds)
o This amount is the total of the Planned Expenditures for Contributing Actions (LCFF Funds) column
• 5. Total Planned Percentage of Improved Services
o This percentage is the total of the Planned Percentage of Improved Services column
• Planned Percentage to Increase or Improve Services for the coming school year (4 divided by 1, plus 5)
o This percentage is calculated by dividing the Total Planned Contributing Expenditures (4) by the Projected LCFF Base Grant (1), converting
the quotient to a percentage, and adding it to the Total Planned Percentage of Improved Services (5).
Contributing Actions Annual Update Table
Pursuant to EC Section 42238.07(c)(2), if the Total Planned Contributing Expenditures (4) is less than the Estimated Actual LCFF
Supplemental and Concentration Grants (6), the LEA is required to calculate the difference between the Total Planned Percentage of
Improved Services (5) and the Total Estimated Actual Percentage of Improved Services (7). If the Total Planned Contributing Expenditures (4)
is equal to or greater than the Estimated Actual LCFF Supplemental and Concentration Grants (6), the Difference Between Planned and
Estimated Actual Percentage of Improved Services will display “Not Required.”
• 6. Estimated Actual LCFF Supplemental and Concentration Grants
o This is the total amount of LCFF supplemental and concentration grants the LEA estimates it will actually receive based on of the number
and concentration of unduplicated students in the current school year.
• 4. Total Planned Contributing Expenditures (LCFF Funds)
o This amount is the total of the Last Year's Planned Expenditures for Contributing Actions (LCFF Funds)
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 60 of 62
• 7. Total Estimated Actual Expenditures for Contributing Actions
o This amount is the total of the Estimated Actual Expenditures for Contributing Actions (LCFF Funds)
• Difference Between Planned and Estimated Actual Expenditures for Contributing Actions (Subtract 7 from 4)
o This amount is the Total Estimated Actual Expenditures for Contributing Actions (7) subtracted from the Total Planned Contributing
Expenditures (4)
• 5. Total Planned Percentage of Improved Services (%)
o This amount is the total of the Planned Percentage of Improved Services column
• 8. Total Estimated Actual Percentage of Improved Services (%)
o This amount is the total of the Estimated Actual Percentage of Improved Services column
• Difference Between Planned and Estimated Actual Percentage of Improved Services (Subtract 5 from 8)
o This amount is the Total Planned Percentage of Improved Services (5) subtracted from the Total Estimated Actual Percentage of Improved
Services (8)
LCFF Carryover Table
• 10. Total Percentage to Increase or Improve Services for the Current School Year (6 divided by 9 + Carryover %)
o This percentage is the Estimated Actual LCFF Supplemental and/or Concentration Grants (6) divided by the Estimated Actual LCFF Base
Grant (9) plus the LCFF Carryover – Percentage from the prior year.
• 11. Estimated Actual Percentage of Increased or Improved Services (7 divided by 9, plus 8)
o This percentage is the Total Estimated Actual Expenditures for Contributing Actions (7) divided by the LCFF Funding (9), then converting the
quotient to a percentage and adding the Total Estimated Actual Percentage of Improved Services (8).
• 12. LCFF Carryover — Dollar Amount LCFF Carryover (Subtract 11 from 10 and multiply by 9)
o If the Estimated Actual Percentage of Increased or Improved Services (11) is less than the Estimated Actual Percentage to Increase or
Improve Services (10), the LEA is required to carry over LCFF funds.
The amount of LCFF funds is calculated by subtracting the Estimated Actual Percentage to Increase or Improve Services (11) from the
Estimated Actual Percentage of Increased or Improved Services (10) and then multiplying by the Estimated Actual LCFF Base Grant (9).
This amount is the amount of LCFF funds that is required to be carried over to the coming year.
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 61 of 62
• 13. LCFF Carryover — Percentage (12 divided by 9)
o This percentage is the unmet portion of the Percentage to Increase or Improve Services that the LEA must carry over into the coming LCAP
year. The percentage is calculated by dividing the LCFF Carryover (12) by the LCFF Funding (9).
California Department of Education
January 2022
2022-23 Local Control Accountability Plan for Oasis Charter Public Page 62 of 62
