2045 S. San Jacinto Ave San Jacinto Middle College High School
San Jacinto, CA 92583
School Accountability Report Card
(951) 929-1540
Reported Using Data from the 2022-23 School Year
FAX (951) 929-1542
Published During 2023-24
CDS Code: 33 67249 0142117 Steve Simpso n, Principal
Grades 9-12 ssimpson@sanjacinto.k12.ca.us
About This School
Vision Statement
SJMCHS students will reach their individual PEAKs by graduating from a 4-year college and be
equipped with the necessary skills to be problem solvers, effective communicators, adaptable
individuals, and kind members of their community.
Mission Statement
San Jacinto Unified
SJMCHS provides access without barriers for students as they enhance their high school experience
School District
through college partnerships and build opportunities for future stability and success.
2045 S. San Jacinto Avenue
San Jacinto, California 92583 Principal’s Message
(951) 929-7700 I am Steve Simpson, Principal of San Jacinto Middle College High School. We are incredibly grateful
www.sanjacinto.k12.ca.us for our partnership with Mt. San Jacinto College and the vision we have built together to support
Board of Trustees our students. This partnership allows for academic opportunities unlike any other in the San Jacinto
Sandra Peñaloza Valley.
Nalaisha Burnett As a student of SJMCHS, you will complete classes that allow you to graduate from high school and
Jasmin Rubio complete college courses simultaneously. You will get an early start on your college education and a
John I. Norman wider selection of classes. We aim to offer you a competitive advantage and prepare you to be
Trica Ojeda ready for college and your career. In addition, our school provides an alternative high school
Administration experience with real-world connections and endless opportunities that will meet market demands
and needs after high school.
Dave Pyle, Ed.D.
Superintendent SJMCHS offers a nurturing and academically challenging environment while supporting students in
dpyle@sanjacinto.k12.ca.us reaching their full potential and goals in a non-traditional high school setting. We are proud to be
Dr. Karen Kirschinger called a school of choice, one with a small school connection that offers students an expedited path
Assistant Superintendent to college.
Personnel Services
I am excited to serve the San Jacinto Middle College High School students and look forward to
John Roach building a culture and identity that everyone can be proud of here in our community.
Assistant Superintendent
Steve Simpson, Principal
Educational Services
Seth Heeren
Assistant Superintendent
Business Services
Contents
About this School
Conditions of Learning
Specialized Services
Textbooks
School Facilities
Pupil Outcomes
Other Pupil Outcomes
Parental Involvement
School Climate
Pupil Engagement
Other Information
School Finances
Professional Development
About the SARC
2
SCHOOL ACCOUNTABILITY REPORT CARD
Student Enrollment and Demographics School Facilities
Enrollment and demographic information for San Jacinto Middle
School Facility Conditions
College High School (SJMCHS) students are recorded at their
San Jacinto Middle College High School opened in August of 2023. The
home school, as SJMCHS classes occur at Mt. San Jacinto
classes take place at Mt. San Jacinto College. For this reason, there
College.
are no annual facility inspections, as the inspections are
performed at the student’s home schools.
Quality, Currency, and Availability of Textbooks and Instructional Materials (School Year 2023-24)
This table displays information about the quality, currency, and availability of the standards-aligned textbooks and other
instructional materials used at the students home high school; whether the textbooks and instructional materials are from the
most recent adoption (yes/no); and information about the school’s use of any supplemental curriculum or non-adopted textbooks
or instructional materials. The adoption of the resolution regarding sufficiency of instructional and supplemental instructional
materials for fiscal year 2023-24 pursuant to Education Code Sections 60119, 60422(b) and 60451 was done on September 13,
2023. San Jacinto Unified School District provides all students, including English Learners, with textbooks that meet state adoption
criteria to use in class and to take home. Quality, highly motivating instructional materials are provided to fulfill and reinforce the
district’s outlined curriculum.
Core Curriculum Area Textbooks, Instructional Materials, Year of Adoption, and
Percent of Students Lacking Their Own Assigned Copy
Reading/Language Arts Study Sync 9 & 10: McGraw Hill (2016)
9th Grade Novels: To Kill a Mockingbird, The Odyssey, Tragedy of Romeo & Juliet
10th Grade Novels: Frankenstein, Night, Animal Farm
ERWC 11 & 12: CSU Office of Chancellor – ERWC –Expository Reading & Writing
ERWC Novels: Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time (2019), The Distance Between Us (2020)
Language of Composition: Reading Writing Rhetoric AP Eng Lang/Comp: Bedford, Freeman and Worth:
(2020)
Perrine’s Literature Structure, Sound & Sense: AP Eng Lit/Comp-Cengage Learning 12th Edition (2016)
IB English A: Language & Literature: Oxford Press (Adoption 2014)
IB Theory of Knowledge: Oxford Press (Adoption 2014)
Mathematics Integrated Math l, ll, & lll: Math Vision Project: Open Up Resources (Adoption 2014)
Desmos Digital Math: Math 1.5 (2023)
IB Mathematical Studies S: IB Math: IB Source, Inc. (Adoption 2014)
IB Mathematics App and Inter: IB Source, Inc. (2021)
Statistics-Statistical Reasoning in Sports: Bedford, Freeman, Worth Publishing (2020)
Personal Finance: Next Generation Personal Finance Financial Algebra: NGPF (2022)
Mathematical Reasoning with Connections-MRWC: Riverside County Office of Education
Science Inspire Earth: McGraw Hill California Edition (Adoption 2020)
Inspire Biology: McGraw Hill California Edition (Adoption 2020)
Inspire Chemistry: McGraw Hill California Edition (Adoption 2020)
Chemistry AP: Chang (Adoption 2020)
Biology AP: Raven (Adoption 2020)
Physics: Pasco EP3 (Adoption 2020)
Hole’s Essential Human Anatomy & Physiology: McGraw Hill (Adoption 2020)
Conceptual Physics-Hewitt: Conceptual Physics-Savvas (Adoption 2022)
Principles of Environmental Science-HS Ed.: Environmental Science (2023):
AP Environmental Science, Environment: The Science: Withgott/Savvas (Adoption 2022)
IB Biology: Biology HL 2e: Pearson: IB Source (2014)
History-Social Science Impact US History: McGraw Hill (Adoption 2018)
Impact World History: McGraw Hill-Impact (2018)
The Ways of the World AP World History: Bedford, Freeman and Worth (2023)
American History AP Edition: McGraw Hill (Adoption 2018)
The Cultural Landscape Intro: Human Geography AP: Pearson Education, Inc. (Adoption 2017)
Impact: Principles of American Democracy: McGraw Hill (Adoption 2018)
Government in America: People, Politics, and Policy AP Government: Pearson (Adoption 2018)
History of the Americas and History of Europe IB History: IB Source, Inc. (Adoption 2014)
Impact Principles of Economics: McGraw Hill (Adoption 2018)
Principles of Economics AP Edition: Cengage (Adoption 2018)
English Language Development StudySync Designated ELD 9-12: McGraw Hill (Adoption 2016)
Eng 3D: Houghton Mifflin (Adoption 2020)
Foreign Language/Intervention Asi se dice Spanish 1, 2, 3: McGraw Hill (Adoption 2022)
El espanol para nosotros: Spanish for Spanish Speakers 1, 2: McGraw Hill (Adoption 2022)
Chemins French 1, 2, & 3: Vista Higher Learning (Adoption 2022)
Temas AP Spanish: Vista Higher Learning (Adoption 2014)
Themes AP French: Vista Higher Learning (2020)
Manana IB Spanish: Advance Materials - IB Source, Inc. (Adoption 2014)
The textbooks listed are from the most recent adoption: Yes
Percent of students lacking their own assigned textbook: 0
3
SCHOOL ACCOUNTABILITY REPORT CARD
Quality, Currency, and Availability of Textbooks and Instructional Materials (School Year 2023-24) (Continued)
Core Curriculum Area Textbooks, Instructional Materials, Year of Adoption, and
Percent of Students Lacking Their Own Assigned Copy
Health Positive Prevention Plus (AB 329 Adoption
Visual and Performing Listening to Music-IB Music: Pearson Education, Inc. (Adoption 2014)
Arts Tonal Harmony-IB Music: McGraw-Hill (Adoption 2014)
The Norton Scores-IB Music:IB Source, Inc. (Adoption 2014)
Exploring Visual Design-IB Art: Davis Publications, Inc. (Adoption 2014)
Janson's History of Art: Pearson Education, Inc. (Adoption 2014)
Theater: Art in Action: Glencoe McGraw Hill (Adoption 2021)
The textbooks listed are from the most recent adoption: Yes
Percent of students lacking their own assigned textbook: 0
State Priority: Parental Involvement School Safety
The SARC provides the following information relevant to the SB187 Safety Plan
State priority: Parental Involvement (Priority 3): The safety plan is updated and reviewed with staff at the home
• Efforts the school district makes to seek parent input in school of students attending SJMCHS.
making decisions for the school district and each school site The Comprehensive Safe School Plan includes data regarding
crime, safe school procedures, and compliance with laws,
Opportunities for Parent Involvement
including (1) child abuse reporting, (2) disaster response, (3)
Contact Person: Steve Simpson, Principal
suspension and expulsion policies, (4) notification of teachers
Crystal Lopez, Counselor
of dangerous pupils, (5) sexual harassment, (6) schoolwide
Jennifer Robinson, Office Manager
dress codes prohibiting gang-related apparel, (7) procedures
Phone Number: (951) 929-1540
for safe ingress and egress from school, (8) procedures to
We are currently gathering information for parental
ensure a safe and orderly environment conducive to learning,
involvement. Parent involvement at our school will be addressed
(9) rules and procedures on school discipline adopted pursuant
during our initial WASC inspection on February 12.
to Ed Code Sections 35291 and 35291.5, and (10) lockdown
State Priority: Pupil Engagement procedures. In addition, a copy of the plan is available for
The SARC provides the following information relevant to the inspection by the public at each school.
State priority: Pupil Engagement (Priority 5):
Other Information
• High school dropout rates; and
Academic Counselors and Other Support Staff
• High school graduation rates
This information is available at the home school of each student Number of FTE*
attending SJMSHS. Title Assigned to School
Academic Counselors 1.0
Suspensions and Expulsions
This information is available at the home school of students
*One Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) equals one staff member
attending SJMCHS.
working full-time; one FTE could also represent two staff
Chronic Absenteeism by Student Group members who each work 50 percent of full-time.
This information is available at the home school of students
Average Class Size and Class Size Distribution
attending SJMCHS.
(Secondary)
This information is available at the home school of students
attending SJMCHS.
4
SCHOOL ACCOUNTABILITY REPORT CARD
School Finances that are fluid and are planned in response to identified teacher
needs.
Teacher & Administrative Salaries (Fiscal Year 2021-22)
This table displays district-level salary information for teachers, The District provides a Peer Assistance and Review (PAR)
principals, and the superintendent, and compares these figures program for struggling veteran teachers who need
to the state averages for districts of the same type and size. improvement. These teachers are identified through the
The table also displays teacher and administrative salaries as a evaluation process and are provided with a support coach. The
percent of a district's budget, and compares these figures to teacher is given regular, scheduled feedback on efforts to
the state averages for districts of the same type and size. implement the action plan collaboratively developed through
Detailed information regarding salaries may be found at working with the support coach and the administrator. Release
http://www.cde.ca.gov/ds/fd/cs/. time is available for teachers to visit other classrooms and/or
collaborate with the support coach. Teachers may participate in
State Average for
the Teachers in Partnership (TIP) program as an option to the
Category District Districts in Same
Amount Category PAR Program. In TIP, teachers voluntarily seek coaching
assistance from the District to meet their specific needs within
Beginning Teacher Salary $53,846 $54,190
the desired timeframe.
Mid-Range Teacher Salary $78,956 $85,111
All newly hired certified and classified staff must attend a New
Highest Teacher Salary $113,191 $104,999
Hire Orientation. At this training, policies, procedures, laws, and
Average Principal Salary $135,156 $132,492
(Elementary) regulations are shared with new employees. Finally, specialized
training is provided to our classified support staff to ensure that
Average Principal Salary (Middle) $146,867 $140,987
all staff is consistently and highly trained. This training targets
Average Principal Salary (High) $152,367 $153,884
the skills and knowledge needed in the employees’ positions.
Superintendent Salary $249,982 $255,503
With regard to professional development for certificated staff,
Percent of District Budget
the District provides three full days of professional development
Teacher Salaries 31.0 32.09
for all teachers through various site-based professional
Administrative Salaries 5.35 5.25 development sessions connected to our students' behavioral,
social, emotional, and language needs. Additionally, the District
Professional Development
provides time through early release each week for teachers to
participate in collaboration or professional learning activities
Measure 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24
with their grade level or department colleagues. This training
Number of school days dedicated to
reflects the District's annual professional development calendar,
Staff Development and Continuous 54 54 54
Improvement where centralized support staff rotates at each school to
SJUSD is committed to providing quality ongoing support to all provide embedded professional development. This allows
teachers and staff supporting student learning. Several training teachers to plan lessons together that address the individual
programs are in place to ensure staff quality and effectiveness needs of our learners utilizing our core, adopted curriculum,
to provide ongoing support. New Teacher Support is provided connected to our focus on evidence-based strategies.
through a vigorous approach to Induction. The District
Finally, the District provides Guest Teacher Workshops,
contracts with the Riverside County Office of Education to
Interpersonal Relations training, UCP training, and professional
provide the Center for Teacher Innovation (CTI) Induction
administrative training for staff throughout the year. These
program to all newly hired teachers new to the profession. As a
efforts work together to provide a positive, safe learning
part of this program, the District provides each new teacher
environment with the best staff for the SJUSD student body.
with a mentor teacher who has full-time release to provide
coaching support.
The District also provides support to ALL teachers who are new
to the District. This support includes teachers new to the
profession and experienced teachers beginning service in
SJUSD. Additionally, the District provides a mentor
teacher/coach to all interns and teachers on special waiver
certification, i.e., Provisional Intern Permit (PIP) and Short-
Term Staff Permit (STSP). Finally, the District provides the New
Teacher Academy to all these teachers, including a five-day
general academic academy and an additional two-day boot
camp for Special Education teachers. The academy covers all
aspects of teaching or professional service in the District. There
are also follow-up sessions. Usually, about four to six a year,
5
SCHOOL ACCOUNTABILITY REPORT CARD
SARC Overview By February 1 of each year, every school in California is required by state law to
publish a School Accountability Report Card (SARC). The SARC contains information
about the condition and performance of each California public school. Under the
Local Control Funding Formula (LCFF) all local educational agencies (LEAs) are
required to prepare a Local Control and Accountability Plan (LCAP), which describes
how they intend to meet annual school-specific goals for all pupils, with specific
activities to address state and local priorities. Additionally, data reported in an LCAP
is to be consistent with data reported in the SARC.
For more information about SARC requirements and access to prior year reports, see
the California Department of Education (CDE) SARC web page at www.cde.ca.gov/ta/
ac/sa/.
For more information about the LCFF or the LCAP, see the CDE LCFF web page at
www.cde.ca.gov/fg/aa/lc/.
For additional information about the school, parents/guardians and community
members should contact the school principal or the district office.
DataQuest DataQuest is an online data tool located on the CDE DataQuest web page at
dq.cde.ca.gov/dataquest/ that contains additional information about this school and
comparisons of the school to the district and the county. Specifically, DataQuest is a
dynamic system that provides reports for accountability (e.g., test data, enrollment,
high school graduates, dropouts, course enrollments, staffing, and data regarding
English learners).
California School Dashboard The California School Dashboard (Dashboard) www.caschooldashboard.org/ reflects
California’s new accountability and continuous improvement system and provides
information about how LEAs and schools are meeting the needs of California’s
diverse student population. The Dashboard contains reports that display the
performance of LEAs, schools, and student groups on a set of state and local
measures to assist in identifying strengths, challenges, and areas in need of
improvement.
Internet Access Internet access is available at public libraries and other locations that are publicly
accessible (e.g., the California State Library). Access to the Internet at libraries and
public locations is generally provided on a first-come, first-served basis. Other use
restrictions may include the hours of operation, the length of time that a workstation
may be used (depending on availability), the types of software programs available on
a workstation, and the ability to print documents.
