c J u h s d
haffey oinT nion igh chool isTricT
211 West Fifth Street • Ontario, CA 91762 • (909) 988-8511 • www.cjuhsd.net
C D
haffey istriCt
O h s
nline igh ChOOl
s a r c
chool ccounTaBiliTy ePorT ard
2022-23 school acTiviTy PuBlished in January 2024
c d
haffey isTricT P ’ M a total of 23,145 students in grades 9-12
rinCiPals essage
o h s residing in the communities of Ontario,
nline igh chool
Welcome to the Chaffey District Online High Montclair, Etiwanda, Rancho Cucamonga,
1802 East 7th Street, Ontario, CA 91764
School Accountability Report Card, known and portions of Fontana, Upland, Chino, and
(909) 460-5626
Julie Prestsater, Principal as SARC. The purpose of this document is to Mount Baldy. The district’s student population
julie.prestsater@cjuhsd.net provide parents and the community with is comprised of 13.9% qualifying for special
information about academic achievements, education services, 8.7% identified as English
B oard of T rusTees adequacy of instructional materials, status learners, 0.5% identified as foster youth, 3.3%
of campus facilities, qualifications of our identified as homeless, and 62.4% enrolled in
Susan G. Ovitt s, President
Arthur R. Bustamonte, Vice President professional staff, and progress in meeting the Free & Reduced-Price Meal program.
Donald English, Clerk state standards. The following paragraphs The district has always maintained an
Cary W. Willborn, Trustee provide an introduction to Chaffey District
emphasis on academic excellence, including
Gilbert M. Zendeja, Trustee Online High School and our instructional
fundamental skills essential for continuing
Esther Ramirez, Student Representative program.
learning. High school staff take pride in
The Chaffey District Online High School is providing their students with the experiences
d isTricT a dminisTraTion the ninth, and most recently opened, high and opportunities to prepare for responsible
Mathew Holton school in the Chaffey Joint Union High School citizenship and successful careers.
Superintendent District. We are a free, public, and innovative
Rick Wiersma online high school, providing an alternative Student Enrollment by
Assistant Superintendent instructional program to meet the individual Student Group and Grade Level
Business Services needs of the independent learner. The online 2022-23
learning opportunities of CDOHS are aligned % of Total
Jessica Kachaenchai to the requirements of the UC/CSU bound Student Group Enrollment Grade Level #
Assistant Superintendent
student as well as those desiring to graduate Female 64.7% Grade 9 15
Instruction Grade 10 28
from high school with a traditional diploma Male 35.3%
Kern Oduro Grade 11 35
from the Chaffey Joint Union High School
Assistant Superintendent Non-Binary 0.0% Grade 12 24
District. We also are able to address the needs
Alternative Instruction American Indian or
of credit recovery as well as grade remediation Alaskan Native 1.0%
Charlene Saenz for some course work.
Assistant Superintendent Asian 4.9%
Personnel The Chaffey District Online High School is
Black or African
proud to offer a blended learning environment American 10.8%
to our students. Students working in the Filipino 2.0%
c onTenTs blended learning environment complete
Hispanic or Latino 46.1%
course work online and in the classroom with
Principal’s Message
Native Hawaiian or
District & School Description highly qualified teachers. Pacific Islander 0.0%
Local Control Accountability Plan (LCAP)
D & s Two or More Races 4.9%
Parent Involvement istriCt ChOOl
Student Achievement D White 29.4%
esCriPtiOn
School Facilities & Safety English Learners 2.9%
Classroom Environment
Foster Youth 0.0%
Curriculum & Instruction Chaffey JOint UniOn high sChOOl DistriCt
Homeless 1.0%
Professional Staff Chaffey Joint Union High School District offices
College & Career Readiness are located in the northwest region of the city Migrant 0.0%
District Expenditures of Ontario. During the 2022-23 school year, the Socioeconomically
54.9%
SARC Data & Internet Access district’s eight comprehensive high schools, Disadvantaged Total Enrollment
Students with 102
one continuation school, one community day 5.9%
Disabilities
school, and one online high school served
Chaffey District Online High School 1 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
Chaffey DistriCt Online high sChOOl satisfy the requirements for entrance to the is an integral component of the School Site
During the 2022-23 school year, Chaffey University of California and the California Council which is responsible for leading
District Online High School served 102 State University, or career technical sequences and evaluating the school’s progress to
students in grades 9-12. Student enrollment or programs of student. provide a safe, supportive, and effective
included 2.9% qualifying for English learner The SARC provides the following information learning environment. Parents seeking
support, 5.9% receiving special education relevant to the State priority: Other Pupil more information about becoming an
services, 1% identified as homeless, and 54.9% Outcomes (Priority 8) active member in the school community
enrolled in the Free & Reduced-Price Meal may contact the school secretary at (909)
• Pupil outcomes in the subject area of physical
program. 460-5626. Volunteers providing support
education
on campus during school hours may
As a component of the online high school,
The SARC provides the following information be required to obtain a fingerprint and
students are offered a flexible schedule
relevant to the State priority: Parental background clearance.
where they can work anyplace at any pace
Involvement (Priority 3)
a
in
p
d
p
e
r
p
o
e
p
n
ri
d
a
e
te
n t
t
ly
o t
a
h
w
e
a
ir
y
in
fr
d
o
i
m
vid u
th
al
e
n
d
e
i
e
s
d
tr
s
a
,
c
w
tio
o
n
rk
s • Efforts the school district makes to seek
sChOOl news
All school-to-home communication is
of a large classroom or group setting, and parent input in making decisions for the
provided in English and Spanish through
schedule school work to accommodate work/ school district and each school site
the school website, automated telephone
personal or family care responsibilities. The SARC provides the following information messages, Canvas, and the APEX Student
sChOOl PUrPOse relevant to the State priority: Pupil Engagement Progress Monitoring System.
(Priority 5)
The Chaffey Joint Union High School District s a
recognizes learning can vary across multiple • High school dropout rates; and tUDent ChieveMent
dimensions. Online delivery allows for student • High school graduation rates CalifOrnia assessMent Of stUDent
learning reaching across several dimensions The SARC provides the following information PerfOrManCe anD PrOgress (CaasPP)
including: Teacher roles, scheduling, pace, relevant to the State priority: School Climate The California Assessment of Student
physical space, and varying models of (Priority 6) Performance and Progress (CAASPP) System
curriculum delivery. With the need of the includes the Smarter Balanced Summative
• Pupil suspension rates;
student in mind, the Chaffey District Online Assessments (SBAC) for students in the
• Pupil expulsion rates; and
High School will offer online blended learning general education population, and the
• Other local measures on the sense of safety
opportunities preparing each student for California Alternate Assessments (CAAs) for
success in the 21st century. P i students with the most significant cognitive
arent nvOlveMent
disabilities. Only eligible students may
l OCal C OntrOl Parents are encouraged to get involved in participate in the administration of the CAAs.
Chaffey District Online High School’s learning CAAs items are aligned with alternative
a CCOUntability P lan (lCaP) community by attending Back to School achievement standards, which are linked
Night, parent teacher conferences or school with the Common Core State Standards
As part of the Local Control Funding Formula,
informational meetings. Parent representation (CCSS). CAASPP results are a measure of
school districts are required to develop,
adopt, and annually update a three-year Local
California Physical Fitness Test Results
Control and Accountability Plan (LCAP).
2022-23
The SARC provides the following information
relevant to the State priority: Basic (Priority 1) % of Students Tested
• Degree to which teachers are appropriated
assigned and fully credentialed in the
subject area and for the pupils they are
Abdominal Trunk Extensor Upper Body
teaching;
Strength and and Strength and Strength and
• School facilities are maintained in good
Aerobic Capacity Endurance Flexibility Endurance Flexibility
repair
Grade Level
The SARC provides the following information Ninth 94.7% 94.7% 94.7% 94.7% 94.7%
relevant to the State priority: Pupil Note: The administration of the PFT during 2021-22 and 2022-23 school years, only participation results are
Achievement (Priority 4) required for these five fitness areas.
• Statewide assessments (i.e., California
Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the
Assessment of Student Performance
number of students in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
and Progress (CAASPP) System, which
includes the Smarter Balanced Summative
California Assessment of Student Performance and Progress Test Results in Science
Assessments for students in the general
education population and the California All Students
Alternate Assessments (CAAs) for Percentage of Students Meeting or Exceeding the State Standards
English language arts/literacy (ELA)
CDOHS CJUHSD CA
and mathematics given in grades three
through eight and grade eleven. Only 21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23
Science (Grades 5, 8, & 10) -- -- NT 28.48 29.47 30.29
eligible students may participate in the
administration of the CAAs. CAAs items Note: Science test results include the CAST and the CAA for Science. The “Percent Met or Exceeded” is calculated by taking the total
number of students who met or exceeded the standard on the CAST plus the total number of students who met the standard (i.e.,
are aligned with alternative achievement
achieved Level 3-Alternate) on the CAA for Science divided by the total number of students who participated in a science assessment.
standards, which are linked with the
Common Core State Standards (CCSS)
Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this
for students with the most significant category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
cognitive disabilities); and
• The percentage of students who have The number of students tested includes all students who participated in the test whether they received a score or not; however, the
successfully completed courses that number of students tested is not the number that was used to calculate the achievement level percentages. The achievement level
percentages are calculated using only students who receive scores.
Chaffey District Online High School 2 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
how well students are mastering California’s The FITNESSGRAM has six parts, though California currently requires five parts be completed
standards in English language arts/literacy annually, that show a level of fitness that offer a degree of defense against diseases that come
(ELA) and mathematics, and are given to from inactivity. The test results can be used by students, teachers, and parents. Comparative
grades three through eight and grade eleven. District and state results can be found at the CDE’s web site www.cde.ca.gov/ta/tg/pf.
SBAC tests assess student performance
in ELA/Literacy and mathematics utilizing
computer-adaptive tests and performance CAASPP Test Results in Science by Student Group (Grades 5, 8, & High School)
tasks, and CAAs test items are aligned with
2022-23
alternative achievement standards which
are linked with the Common Core State Total Number Percent Percent Not Percent Met or
Enrollment Tested Tested Tested Exceeded
Standards (CCSS).
The CAASPP results shown in this report All Students Tested 19 10 52.63 47.37 --
Female 18 10 55.56 44.44 --
include overall results comparing the school,
Male -- -- -- -- --
district and state scores as well as the school’s
American Indian or Alaskan Native
overall score in each applicable subgroup.
Asian
Results are shown only for subgroups with Black or African American -- -- -- -- --
ten students or more taking the exam. For Filipino -- -- -- -- --
those categories that are blank in the tables, Hispanic or Latino -- -- -- -- --
no students met subgroup criteria. More Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
information on CAASPP can be found on the Two or More Races
California Department of Education’s website White -- -- -- -- --
English Learners
www.cde.ca.gov/ta/tg/ca/.
Foster Youth
Homeless
PhysiCal fitness
Military
In the spring of each year, Chaffey District Socioeconomically Disadvantaged -- -- -- -- --
Online High School is required by the state Students Receiving Migrant Education Services
to administer a physical fitness test to all Students with Disabilities -- -- -- -- --
students in grade nine. The physical fitness
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or less, either because the number of students in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or
test (PFT) for students in California schools is to protect student privacy.
the FITNESSGRAM. The main goal of the test
is to help students in starting life-long habits
of regular physical activity. California Assessment of Student Performance and Progress Test Results in
English Language Arts/Literacy (ELA) and Mathematics for All Students in Grade Eleven
Percentage of Students Meeting or Exceeding the State Standards
CDOHS CJUHSD CA
21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23
English-Language Arts/Literacy 79 82 66 67 47 46
Mathematics 33 50 31 34 33 34
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this category
is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
ELA and mathematics test results include the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessments and the CAA. The “Percent Met or Exceeded” is
calculated by taking the total number of students who met or exceeded the standard on the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessment plus the
total number of students who met the standard (i.e., achieved Level 3-Alternate) on the CAA divided by the total number of students who
participated in both assessments.
CAASPP Test Results in ELA & Mathematics by Student Group (Grades 11)
2022-23
English Language Arts/Literacy Mathematics
Percent Not Percent Met Percent Not Percent Met
Total Enrollment Number Tested Percent Tested Total Enrollment Number Tested Percent Tested
Tested or Exceeded Tested or Exceeded
All Students Tested 40 11 27.5 72.5 81.82 40 10 25 75 --
Female 25 9 36 64 -- 25 8 32 68 --
Male 15 2 13.33 86.67 -- 15 2 13.33 86.67 --
American Indian or Alaskan Native
Asian -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Black or African American -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Filipino
Hispanic or Latino 18 7 38.89 61.11 -- 18 7 38.89 61.11 --
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Two or More Races -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
White 13 1 7.69 92.31 -- 13 1 7.69 92.31 --
English Learners
Foster Youth
Homeless
Military
Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 24 9 37.5 62.5 -- 24 9 37.5 62.5 --
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services
Students with Disabilities -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
ELA and mathematics test results include the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessments and the CAA. The “Percent Met or Exceeded” is calculated by taking the total number of students who met or exceeded the standard on the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessment plus the total
number of students who met the standard (i.e., achieved Level 3-Alternate) on the CAA divided by the total number of students who participated in both assessments.
Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
The number of students tested includes all students who participated in the test whether they received a score or not; however, the number of students tested is not the number that was used to calculate the achievement level percentages. The achievement level percentages are calculated
using only students who received scores.
Chaffey District Online High School 3 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
s f & s To maintain a safe and secure environment, all custodian or district maintenance staff, based
ChOOl aCilities afety
parents and visitors are required to check in upon the nature of the situation.
faCilities PrOfile at the school office using the “Lobby Guard”
Chaffey District Online High School, Chaffey
program, obtain and wear a visitor’s badge,
Chaffey District Online High School provides a Community Day School and Chaffey Adult
and then return to the office upon departure.
safe, clean environment for learning through Education share one evening custodian for
proper facilities maintenance and campus sChOOl insPeCtiOns routine custodial duties and special events
supervision. Original school buildings for the preparations. Administration communicates
Every morning before school begins, the
campus were constructed in 1974 and it is a daily with the custodian regarding the
Principal inspects facilities for safety hazards,
shared campus for the Community Day School needs and safety concerns. Following a
graffiti, and other conditions that require
and Chaffey District Online High School. standard inspection checklist, the custodian
removal prior to students and staff entering
Monthly safety inspections and ongoing is responsible for maintaining clean, safe,
school grounds. On an annual basis, schools
maintenance ensures school facilities are kept and stocked restrooms. One groundskeeper
are required by the state to perform a
safe, in good working condition, and provide is shared between Chaffey Community Day
comprehensive inspection and report those
adequate space for students and staff. School and Valley View Continuation School;
findings to the school community. The most
the groundskeeper is responsible for general
recent inspection for Chaffey District Online
landscaping, irrigation, and litter/trash High School took place on July 3, 2023. The
removal.
School Facility Good Repair Status table
illustrated in this report identifies the state- School safety and cleanliness are the
required inspection areas and discloses the custodians’ highest priority and strongly
operational status in each of those areas. emphasized as a component of their daily
During fiscal year 2023-24, all restrooms were routines. Custodians receive training from
fully functional and available for student use qualified supply vendors regarding proper
at the time of the inspection. cleaning methods, use of chemicals, and
use of equipment. The district provides
faCilities MaintenanCe
appropriate equipment and supplies to
School custodial staff and the district’s maintain a clean, healthy environment.
maintenance department work together to
ensure classrooms and campus grounds are sChOOl site safety Plan
well-maintained and kept safe and functioning The Comprehensive School Safety Plan
sUPervisiOn & safety for students, staff, and visitors. Maintenance (CSSP) was developed for Chaffey District
Chaffey District Online High School’s students and Operations (M&O) employs an electronic Online High School in collaboration with
work independently off site through Internet- (web-based) work order system enabling local agencies and the district office
based programs and are not on campus school staff to communicate unscheduled to fulfill Senate Bill 187 requirements.
the majority of the school day. During their maintenance needs, urgent repairs, or special Components of this plan include child abuse
scheduled visits to campus, they are working projects. Most of Chaffey District Online High reporting procedures, teacher notification
directly with teachers or other site staff and School’s repairs, maintenance projects, and of dangerous pupil procedures, disaster
are supervised accordingly. Campus security work order requests are performed by district response procedures, procedures for safe
monitor students before, during, and after maintenance personnel. Emergency situations arrival and departure from school, the sexual
school to ensure student safety. are immediately resolved either by the harassment policy, dress code policy, and
bully prevention policy. The school’s most
current safety plan was reviewed, updated,
and shared with school staff in October 2023.
Item Inspected
Inspection Date:
July 3, 2023
Chaffey District Online High School 4 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
dooG
riaF
rooP
Campus Description
Year Built 1974
Acreage 6.5 ac.
Bldg. Square Footage 34,636 sf.
Quantity
# of Permanent Classrooms 4
# of Portable Classrooms 0
# of Restrooms (student use) 1 set
Administrative Office 1
Learning Lab 1
Science Lab 1
Suspensions and Expulsions
CDOHS CJUHSD CA
20-21 21-22 22-23 20-21 21-22 22-23 20-21 21-22 22-23
Suspensions & Expulsions by Student Group (2022-23)
Suspensions 0.00% 0.00% 0.76% 0.20% 5.98% 6.44% 0.20% 3.17% 3.60% Suspensions Expulsions
Student Group
Rate Rate
Expulsions 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.21% 0.21% 0.00% 0.07% 0.08%
All Students 0.8% 0.0%
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this category is too Female 0.0% 0.0%
small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
Male 2.3% 0.0%
Non-Binary 0.0% 0.0%
School Facility Good Repair Status American Indian or Alaska Native 0.0% 0.0%
Repair Status Asian 0.0% 0.0%
Black or African American 8.3% 0.0%
Filipino 0.0% 0.0%
Repair Needed and Hispanic or Latino 0.0% 0.0%
Action Taken or Planned Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 0.0% 0.0%
Systems  Two or More Races 0.0% 0.0%
White 0.0% 0.0%
Interior Surfaces 
English Learners 0.0% 0.0%
Cleanliness  Foster Youth 0.0% 0.0%
Electrical  Homeless 0.0% 0.0%
Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 1.2% 0.0%
Restrooms/Fountains 
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services 0.0% 0.0%
Safety  Students with Disabilities 0.0% 0.0%
Structural  N fe o w te e : r , D e o it u h b e l r e b d e a c s a h u e s s e ( t - h -) e a n p u p m e b a e r r in o t f h s e t u t d a e bl n e t s w i h n e t n h is th c e a n te u g m o b ry e r is o t f o s o t u s d m e a n l t l s f o is r ten or
External  statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
Overall Summary of School Facility Good Repair Status
Exemplary Good Fair Poor
Overall Summary 
Exemplary: The school meets most or all standards of good repair. Deficiencies noted, if any, are not significant and/or impact a very
small area of the school.
C e
lassrOOM nvirOnMent Chronic Absenteeism by Student Group (2022-23)
Chronic
DisCiPline & CliMate fOr learning Cumulative Absenteeism Chronic Chronic
Student Group Absenteeism Absenteeism
All staff believe that a safe and positive Enrollment Eligible
Count Rate
learning environment is an effective learning Enrollment
All Students 131 124 57 46
environment. Behavior management practices
and discipline policies are based upon Female 88 84 38 45.2
California Education Codes, board policies, Male 43 40 19 47.5
Chaffey District Online’s site policies, the Safe Non-Binary
School Statement, and schoolwide behavior American Indian or Alaska Native -- -- -- --
guidelines. Administrators, school leadership Asian -- -- -- --
team members, and student representatives
Black or African American 12 11 6 54.5
address current disciplinary policies and offer
Filipino -- -- -- --
suggestions for improvement. At the beginning
Hispanic or Latino 67 62 25 40.3
of the school year, school rules, district
policies, and academic expectations are clearly Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander -- -- -- --
addressed: Two or More Races -- -- -- --
White 37 36 20 55.6
• In the annual parent notification
• In the enrollment packet English Learners -- -- -- --
• In behavior guidelines published in Foster Youth -- -- -- --
the school site handbook Homeless -- -- -- --
• In class presentations Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 85 80 35 43.8
• Video presentation in classroom and Students Receiving Migrant Education Services
available online Students with Disabilities -- -- -- --
• New study areas and areas to meet on Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this
campus for support category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
• Virtual lecture in person and virtual support Graduation Rate by Student Group (Four-Year Cohort Rate) (2022-23)
classes
Number of
Number of Cohort Cohort
Progressive discipline begins in the classroom Student Group Students in Graduates Graduation Rate
Cohort
when students are disruptive or demonstrating
All Students 28 21 75
poor citizenship. The behavior improvement
process involves the student, teacher, parent, Female 26 19 73.1
and administrators. Students continuing to have Male -- -- --
difficulty with their behavior are referred to a Non-Binary
counselor for further intervention measures, American Indian or Alaska Native
taking into consideration past behavior trends.
Asian -- -- --
Misbehavior is not tolerated and is dealt with
Black or African American -- -- --
firmly, consistently, and fairly.
Filipino -- -- --
teaChing lOaD DistribUtiOn Hispanic or Latino 13 10 76.9
Chaffey District Online High School does Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
not offer classes in the traditional setting as
Two or More Races
students participate in online classes. Therefore,
White -- -- --
no teaching load distribution numbers are
English Learners -- -- --
identified in this report.
Foster Youth
Average Class Size and Homeless -- -- --
Class Size Distribution Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 19 14 73.7
2020-21
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services
Students with Disabilities -- -- --
Average Number of Classes* Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this
Subject Class Size 1-22 23-32 33+ category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
English 22.0 1 1
For more information on the Four-Year Adjusted Cohort Graduation Rate (ACGR), visit the CDE Adjusted Cohort Graduation Rate web page at
Math 5.0 6
https://www.cde.ca.gov/ds/ad/acgrinfo.asp.
Science 5.0 6
Social Science 14.0 4 1 ChrOniC absenteeisM DrOPOUts & graDUatiOn rates
2021-22
The chart in this report identifies the chronic Chaffey District Online High School’s teachers
English 6.0 6
absenteeism rates by student group for and administrative staff are skilled in and
Math 6.0 8
Chaffey District Online High School for the have developed ways to detect the early
Science 6.0 7
2022-23 school year. A “chronic absentee” identification of students exhibiting the
Social Science 5.0 8
has been defined in EC Section 60901(c)(1) warning signs and/or behavioral traits that
2022-23
as “a pupil who is absent on 10 percent or typically lead to dropping out of school.
English 5.0 8
more of the school days in the school year Administrators and teachers believe that
Math 4.0 8
when the total number of days a pupil is working together to create a safe environment
Science 6.0 7
absent is divided by the total number of and supportive communication fosters
Social Science 7.0 4
days the pupil is enrolled and school was success. Teachers express verbally and in daily
*Number of classes indicates how many classrooms
actually taught in the regular day schools practices that their students are important
fall into each size category (a range of total students
per classroom). At the secondary level, this of the district, exclusive of Saturdays and and that they want students to succeed.
information is reported by subject area rather than Sundays.”
grade level.
Chaffey District Online High School 5 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
Behavior and academic intervention development budget and approving training • Why Ethnic Studies is Essential Studies -
strategies provide the support and programs and opportunities. Both district Infusing “Race” and Anti-Racism into Lesson
motivation some students require to earn and site level committees consider objectives Planning
their diploma. Counseling, tutoring, regional identified in school plans, Federal Program • The Student-Centered Class: Identity,
occupational programs, Alternative Studies Monitoring (FPM) review results, and input Language, Equity & Social Justice
Program, and concurrent enrollment in from various state and federal agencies • Science: Engaging in Argumentation from
adult school and community college are to identify staff development needs to Evidence w/Gizmos
available to resolve issues for those students improve instructional practices and student • Edge Refresher Training
having difficultly with subject area content achievement. Professional Development • ExSELent Strategies for Self-management
or social interactions. School staff monitor initiated by district and/or site administration • Back to School: Setting the Stage for a Year of
attendance rates, course grades, and credit involves all stakeholder groups and is data Critical Thinking and Brave Conversations
completion, to identify students who may driven and research based. • Grade Guardian
be at risk of not finishing school. Teachers • Connect with Industry Professionals by
The CJUHSD continues to develop and
collaborate frequently to identify students for Virtually Bringing Real World Career Exposure
enter into a District Reform Initiative. This
referral to the Student Success Team (SST) for to Students
initiative focuses on improving instruction
intervention planning. Counselors meet with • Developing a Culture of Mathematical
and increasing student achievement utilizing
students and may recommend SST support Thinking
essential measurement standards, formative
based upon individual circumstances and • Writing Strategies for Comparison Essays for
assessment, student learning scales and
status of course credits. Spanish Speakers 2S and 3S
trackers and involving students in their own
• Bullet Journaling for Mental Health and Self-
Chaffey District Online High School’s assessment of learning. Since the inception
Care
computer-based instruction offers students of this initiative, every District teacher has
• Supporting our LGTBQ+ Students
the opportunity to quickly remedy credit received training in the use of student
• Back-to-School STEM Activities
deficiencies. Supervised by certificated performance data and the development
staff, students are engaged in an intense of essential standards. Training has been 2023-24 Trainings:
computer-assisted, self-paced curricula which ongoing and additional training has focused • The Power of Culturally Responsive
fulfills a portion of graduation coursework on learning scales, assessment development Curriculum
requirements. and training related to the use of technology • CANVAS Quizzes and Lockdown Browser
Detailed information about dropout rates in the classroom and communicating with • Universal Strategies to Scaffold Assignments
and graduation rates can be found on the the home. This ongoing initiative and related to Promote Learning
DataQuest web page at http://dq.cde.ca.gov/ outcomes continue to provide for growth and • Creating Cohesion and Collaboration for
dataquest/. reform within the District. Special Education Students in the General
Chaffey Joint Union High School District Education Environment
Dropout and Graduation Rates offers supplemental training and support for • CommonLit Overview
(Four-Year Cohort Rate) new and ongoing program implementation. • Grade Guardian & ParentSquare Training
CDOHS Training activities take place throughout the • Math
20-21 21-22 22-23 school year and generally focus on curriculum, • Artificial Intelligence for Teachers
Dropout Rate (%) 2.9 4.8 25 teaching strategies and methodologies. • Engaging Students Through Choice
Graduation Rate (%) 91.2 90.5 75
• Canvas Café
CJUHSD During the 2021-22, 2022-23, and 2023-24
• Engaging Students Through Choice
Dropout Rate (%) 6.5 5.7 9.4 school years, Chaffey District Online High
Graduation Rate (%) 88.4 91.8 89.8 • Standards / Rubric Based Grading
School’s teachers had the opportunity
CA • WRITE Institute
to attend supplementary professional
Dropout Rate (%) 9.4 7.8 25 • Using Gizmos with the Science and
Graduation Rate (%) 83.6 87.0 75.0 development offered by the district on the Engineering Practices
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of following: • Creating Well-Being Belong, and
students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students
2021-22 Trainings: Engagement in your Classroom
in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect
• Canvas Studio • Thinking Classrooms (Cross-Curricular)
student privacy.
• Zoom Breakout Sessions • Bullet Journaling for Mental Health and/or
• Distance/Hybrid Learning Strategies Productivity
C UrriCUlUM & i nstrUCtiOn • STEM Case Studies
2022-23 Trainings:
DistriCt-sPOnsOreD staff DevelOPMent • ExSELent Strategies for Calm, Connected, Chaffey Joint Union High School District
and Positive Classrooms and the Association of Chaffey Teachers
All curriculum and instructional improvement
• French Textbook Training (ACT) have joined efforts to provide the
activities within the Chaffey Joint Union High
• Read 180/System 44 Teacher Training Peer Assistance for Teachers (PAT) Program
School District are aligned to the California
• Linguistic Versatility: Celebrating Student to develop and retain high-quality teachers
State Standards. Staff development is
Voice, Culture, and Identify who have the ability to maximize student
selected and identified based upon student
• Universal Strategies to Promote Learning potential and learning. Support Provider
assessment results, state content standards,
• Standards-Based Grading: Enhancing teachers who have had substantial experience
professional development staff surveys,
Student Performance, Motivation and in classroom instruction and demonstrate
and district/school goals. The district and
Communication exemplary teaching ability serve as mentors
site level staff development committees
• Science: Introduction to Gizmos and provide individualized support for new
work as a team to identify areas of need
• Applying Sense-Making Scientific Practices and experienced teachers. PAT’s wide range
and deliver innovative training programs
w/Gizmos of services included:
to support the district’s efforts to increase
• Enhance Your Instruction with Canva and
student performance levels. The district- • BTSA - Credentialing program for teachers
Other Tools
level committee is a collective of district • New Teacher Induction
• CommonLit
and school level representatives who share • Support for Intern teachers
• Building a Legally Defensible IEP
curricular goals and objectives as well • Peer Assistance & Review (PAR)
• Phenomenon-Driven Storytimes
as evaluate staff development programs Program (for permanent teachers
and opportunities. Site level committees requiring/requesting assistance)
are responsible for overseeing the staff
Chaffey District Online High School 6 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
Additionally, the ACT has developed an
Textbooks
Instruction & Professional Development (IPD)
program providing professional development Percent of Pupils Who
in many different areas to teachers. New From Most Lack Their Own Assigned
and veteran teachers meet to discuss topics Recent State Textbooks and/or
Year Adopted Adoption? Publisher and Series Instructional Materials
pertinent to the classroom and participate in
Reading/Language Arts
workshops related to improving instruction.
2015 * Houghton Mifflin Harcourt; Collections 9, 10, 11 0%
site-baseD staff DevelOPMent 2014 * National Geographic Learning; EDGE 0%
During the 2022-23 school year, Chaffey Math
District Online High School offered one 2006 * McDougal Littell: Geometry 0%
full day of site-based professional training. 1998 * Houghton Mifflin: Calculus of a Single Variable 0%
Supplementary training was provided 2012 * W.H. Freeman: The Practice of Statistics (4th Edition) 0%
one time per month at staff development 2007 * Cengage Learning: Precalculus - Mathematics for Calculus (5th 0%
meetings. Edition)
Chaffey District Online High School’s staff 2006 * Glencoe: Advanced Mathematical Concepts 0%
training activities during the 2022-23 school 2015 * Houghton Mifflin Harcourt: Integrated Mathematics 1, 2, and 3 0%
year focused on: 2016 * Brock Mariano: Stats in Your World 0%
Science
• APEX Training
* Mosby: Structure and Function of the Body 0%
• Best Practices
2019 * Marieb Hoehn: Human Anatomy & Physiology 0%
• Common Core State Standards
• Computer Based Instruction 2017 * Pearson: Campbell Biology in Focus - AP Edition 0%
• Read 180 * Holt: Modern Biology 0%
• Scaffolding for Student Success * Glencoe: Biology - The Dynamics of Life 0%
• SEL Training 2007 * Prentice Hall: Chemistry 0%
• Trauma Informed Schools 2006 * Prentice Hall: Earth Science 0%
* Kendall/Hunt: Forensic Science for High School 0%
Staff members are encouraged to attend
* Natural Hazards 0%
professional workshops offered by the district,
* Addison Wesley Publishing: Conceptual Physics 0%
professional organizations, or the county
* McGraw Hill: Physics - Principles & Problems 0%
office of education. Substitute teachers
are invited to attend an annual orientation Social Science
to better serve the students of the district; 2019 * Pearson: World History - The Modern Era 0%
training addresses district policies and 2002 * Houghton Mifflin: The American Pageant 0%
procedures as well as effective classroom 2018 * Pearson: Government in America 0%
management strategies. Classified support 2019 * Pearson: Economics 0%
staff may receive additional job-related 2017 * BFW: Psychology in Everyday Life 0%
training from site leadership and district 2018 * Houghton Mifflin Harcourt: American History 0%
representatives. District-sponsored in-service 2018 * Houghton Mifflin Harcourt: United States Government 0%
opportunities are provided for technical staff, 2006 * Houghton Mifflin Harcourt: A History of Western Society 0%
secretarial support staff, office management * Mexicanos - A History of Mexicans in the U.S. 0%
staff, customer service staff and leadership Foreign Language
staff. 2008 * TRS Publishing & Fluency Matters: Readers and Online 0%
2014 * RViesstao:u Trceemsas - AP Spanish Language & Culture 0%
instrUCtiOnal Materials
2018 * Holt McDougal: Avancemos 1, 2, 3 0%
All textbooks used in the core curriculum
2001 * Dawn Sign Press: Signing Naturally Level 3 0%
throughout Chaffey Joint Union High School
2015 * Vista: Imagina - Espanol Sin Barreras 0%
District are being aligned to the California
2014 * EMC: T'es Branche? 1, 2, 3 0%
State Standards. Instructional materials for
core content areas are approved by the
district’s Board of Education. The district
follows the State Board of Education’s
adoption cycle for core content materials and
for textbook adoptions in foreign language, language arts, and science, (2) sufficient textbooks or instructional materials were provided
visual and performing arts, and health. to each pupil enrolled in foreign language or health classes, (3) laboratory equipment was
available for science laboratory classes offered in grades 9-12, inclusive. In addition, each
On September 12, 2023, the Chaffey Joint
student enrolled in a performing arts class was provided sufficient textbooks or instructional
Union High School District’s Board of
materials to use in class or to take home.
Education held a public hearing to certify the
extent to which textbooks and instructional In addition to the core subject areas, districts are required to disclose in their SARCs the
materials have been provided to students. sufficiency of instructional materials used for its visual/performing arts curricula. During the
The Board of Education adopted Resolution 2023-24 school year, Chaffey Joint Union High School District provided all students enrolled in
No. 2023-25 which certifies as required by a visual/performing arts class with their own textbook or supplemental materials to use in class
Education Code §60119 that (1) sufficient and to take home. These materials comply with the state’s content standards and curriculum
textbooks and instructional materials have frameworks.
been provided to each student, including
English learners, that are aligned to the
academic content standards and consistent
with the cycles and context of the curriculum
frameworks in the following subjects:
history/social science, mathematics, reading/
Chaffey District Online High School 7 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
P s
rOfessiOnal taff
Teachers Without Credentials and Misassignments
(Considered "Ineffective" under ESSA) / 2020-21 2021-22
Authorization/Assignment teaCher PreParatiOn anD CreDentials
Permits and Waivers 0 0 The charts in this report identify the number
of teachers at Chaffey District Online High
Misassignments 0 0
School, Chaffey Joint Union High School
Vacant Positions 0 0 District and the State who are 1) fully
Total Teachers Without Credentials and Misassignments 0 0 credentialed; 2) intern credential holders who
are properly assigned; 3) teachers without
credentials and misassignments; and 4)
Credentialed Teachers Assigned Out-of-Field credentialed teachers who are assigned out-
2020-21 2021-22
(Considered "out-of-Field" under ESSA) / Indicator of-field under ESSA.
Credentialed Teachers Authorized on a Permit or Waiver 0 0 The charts also report Chaffey District
Local Assignment Options 1.1 0.7 Online High School information related to
1) the number of teachers on permits and
Total Out-of-Field Teachers 1.1 0.7
waivers; 2) the number misassigned; 3) the
number of vacant positions; 4) the number of
Class Assignments / Indicator 2020-21 2021-22 credentialed teachers authorized on a permit
or waiver; 5) the number of local assignment
Misassignments for English Learners (a percentage of all the classes options; 6) the percent of misassignments for
0 0
with English learners taught by teachers that are misassigned) English Learners; and 7) the percent with no
credential, permit or authorization to teach.
No credential, permit or authorization to teacher (a percentage of all
the classes taught by teachers with no record of an authorization to 0 0
teach)
sUPPOrt serviCes staff
Chaffey District Online High School’s non-
Note: For more information, refer to the Updated Teacher Equity Definitions web page at teaching support services staff is a specialized
https://www.cde.ca.gov/pd/ee/teachereqauitydefinitions.asp team of experts who, through close
collaboration, is instrumental in improving
School Year 2020-21
student attendance and achievement
Teacher Preparation and Placement / School School District District State State through the identification, referral, and
Authorization/Assignment # % # % # % remediation of health and/or emotional
Fully (Preliminary or Clear) Credentialed for concerns.
Subject and Student Placement (properly 4.3 74.49 889.9 91.73 228366.1 83.12
assigned) Academic Counselors and
Intern Credential Holders Properly Assigned 0 0 7.9 0.82 4205.9 1.53 Other Support Staff
Teachers Without Credentials and 0 0 12.9 1.33 11216.7 4.08 2022-23
Misassignments ("ineffective" under ESSA)
Credentialed Teachers Assigned Out-of-Field No. of
1.1 20.38 23.6 2.43 12115.8 4.41
("out-of-field" under ESSA) Staff FTE*
Unknown 0.3 5.14 35.7 3.68 18854.3 6.86
Academic Counselor 1 1.0
Total Teaching Positions 5.8 100 970.1 100 274759.1 100
Nurse Assistant 1 1.0
Nurse 1 1.0
School Year 2021-22
Psychologist 2 1.2
Teacher Preparation and Placement / School School District District State State
Campus Security Officers 1 1.0
Authorization/Assignment # % # % # %
Speech & Language Specialist 1 0.4
Fully (Preliminary or Clear) Credentialed for
Subject and Student Placement (properly 4 83.61 858.2 89.8 234405.2 84 Average Number of Students per
assigned) Academic Counselor 90
Intern Credential Holders Properly Assigned 0 0 5 0.52 4853 1.74 *One Full Time Equivalent (FTE) equals one staff member
Teachers Without Credentials and working full time; one FTE could also represent two staff
0 0 19.1 2.01 12001.5 4.3
Misassignments ("ineffective" under ESSA) members who each work 50% of full time.
Credentialed Teachers Assigned Out-of-Field
0.7 16.39 27.8 2.92 11953.1 4.28
("out-of-field" under ESSA)
Unknown 0 0 45.4 4.75 15831.9 5.67
Total Teaching Positions 4.8 100 955.6 100 279044.8 100
Note: The data in this table is based on Full Time Equivalent (FTE) status. One FTE equals one staff member working full
time; one FTE could also represent two staff members who each work 50 percent of full time. Additionally, an assignment is
defined as a position that an educator is assigned to based on setting, subject, and grade level. An authorization is defined as
the services that an educator is authorized to provide to students.
Chaffey District Online High School 8 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
C
Ollege
P
reParatiOns
& aDvanCeD PlaCeMent On-CaMPUs Career teChniCal eDUCatiOn
Advanced placement (AP) programs give COUrses
C areer r eaDiness students an opportunity to take college-level Computer Applications I
courses and exams while still in high school. Digital Photography
COllege PreParatiOn COUrses
Students who receive a 3, 4, or 5 on their final Introduction to Horticulture
Students meet with their counselor twice a AP exams qualify for college credit at most of
year to review their four-year plan, evaluate the nation’s colleges. Work experience students are partnered
progress in meeting personal goals, and with community organizations and
review status on fulfilling graduation
Career reaDiness
employers that provide on-the-job training
requirements. Students are encouraged Chaffey District Online High School’s career and mentoring for students 16 years and
to take required courses if they plan on technical education programs, career older. Work experience students receive
attending a four-year college or university. pathways, and regional occupational programs guidance and supervision designed to ensure
Valley View High offers only those courses (ROP) offer a wide range of opportunities maximum educational benefit from part-time
required to earn a high school diploma from for students to get a head start on their job placement.
the Chaffey Joint Union High School District. future. Counseling staff meet with students
Workability provides work experience
Therefore, none of Valley View High’s students annually to help students with coursework
opportunities outside the school day that
were enrolled in courses required for UC/CSU selection and maintenance of their four-year
meet the students’ interests and aptitudes
admission. education plan as they prepare for college
while providing real-world job experience
and the work environment. Chaffey District
prior to graduation. The program is available
Enrollment in and Completion of Online High School’s career center is staffed
to all students with disabilities who have an
UC/CSU-Required Courses with a knowledgeable Career Guidance
Individualized Education Plan.
Technician who assists students with career
%
interest inventories, college and scholarship Chaffey Joint Union High School District and
2022-23 Pupils Enrolled in UC/CSU Courses applications, career exploration, and ROP Baldy View Regional Occupational Program
Required for UC/CSU Admission 86.27 enrollment forms. All career education courses (ROP) collaborate to support articulation
comply with state-adopted content standards. with local community colleges, review
employment needs with local businesses and
2021-22 Graduates Who Completed All The district has established a computer studies job employment services representatives,
Courses Required for UC/CSU Admission 71.43 graduation requirement, which is met through and support common efforts between
completion of a variety of career technical
schools, local business and the community.
education courses, including ROP courses.
Articulated courses or sequences of courses
University Of CalifOrnia aDMissiOn Completion of a career pathway sequence are comparable to, or acceptable in lieu
is one method to fulfill the 20-unit district
reqUireMents
focus area graduation requirement. Students
of, specific course requirements at Chaffey
Community College and Mt. San Antonio
Admission requirements for the University integrate coursework into their four-year
Community College. Successful completion
of California (UC) follow guidelines set forth academic plan as core academic, vocational,
of an articulated high school/ROP course
in the Master Plan, which requires that the elective, and technical courses.
assures that 1) the high school and student
top one-eighth of the state’s high school
graduates, as well as those transfer students Individual student assessment of work have met course requirements and 2)
who have successfully completed specified readiness skills takes place through end- placement to the next level of instruction at
college work, be eligible for admission to of course exams, course-required projects, Chaffey Community College and/or Mt. San
the UC. These requirements are designed and on-the-job/ classroom observation. Antonio Community College. Baldy View ROP
to ensure that all eligible students are Community partnerships and course courses prepare high school students (16
adequately prepared for University-level instructors provide feedback on student years and older) for entry-level employment,
work. For general admissions requirements progress following an established schedule upgrading current job skills, or obtaining
please visit the University of California based on program type. The district conducts a more advanced levels of education. Public
website at www.universityofcalifornia.edu/ series of surveys of students during their senior transportation vouchers (bus passes) to some
admissions/general.html. term and after graduation to obtain feedback off-campus ROP courses are available when
on career technical education programs and appropriate.
CalifOrnia state University aDMissiOn follow-up on actual progress/career outcomes.
For more information on career technical
reqUireMents programs, contact the high school’s career
Admission requirements for the California Career Pathway seqUenCes center or the state’s career technical website
State University (CSU) use three factors to Agriculture Business at www.cde.ca.gov/ci/ct/.
determine eligibility. They are specific high Accounting Services
school courses; grades in specified courses Entrepreneurship Career Technical Education Program Participation
and test scores; and graduation from Media Support Services
high school. Some campuses have higher Hospitality, Tourism, and Recreation 2022-23
standards for particular majors or students Information Support and Services Total Number of Students Participating in CTE
who live outside the local campus area. Programming and Systems Development Programs 29
Because of the number of students who
On-CaMPUs artiCUlateD Career teChniCal
apply, a few campuses have higher standards
(supplementary admission criteria) for all eDUCatiOn COUrses Percentage of Students Completing a CTE --
applicants. Most CSU campuses utilize local Computer Applications I Program and Earning a High School Diploma
admission guarantee policies for students
On-CaMPUs balDy view rOP COUrses
who graduate or transfer from high schools
Landscaping Design
and colleges that are historically served by Percentage of CTE Courses Sequenced or
Landscaping Designs Turf Management
a CSU campus in that region. For general Articulated Between the School and Institutions of --
admissions requirements please visit the Postsecondary Education
California State University website at www.
calstate.edu/admission/.
Chaffey District Online High School 9 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
D e
istriCt xPenDitUres
salary & bUDget COMParisOn
State law requires comparative salary and Teacher and Administrative Salaries
budget information to be reported to the
2021-22
general public. For comparison purposes, the
State Department of Education has provided
average salary data from school districts
State Average
having similar average daily attendance
of Districts in
throughout the state. CJUHSD Same Category
exPenDitUres Per stUDent Beginning Teacher Salary 54,233 57,234
For the 2021-22 school year, Chaffey Joint Mid-Range Teacher Salary 98,704 95,467
Union High School District spent an average Highest Teacher Salary 128,532 122,669
of $16,032 of total general funds to educate Average Principal Salaries:
each student (based on 2021-22 audited Elementary School 0 0
financial statements). The table in this Middle School 0 153,476
report 1) compares the school’s per pupil High School 176,995 173,198
expenditures from unrestricted (basic) and Superintendent Salary 292,978 277,572
restricted (supplemental) sources with other Percentage of Budget For:
schools in the district and throughout the Teacher Salaries 34.06 31.17
state, and 2) compares the average teacher Administrative Salaries 3.44 4.46
salary at the school site with average teacher For detailed information on salaries, see the CDE Certificated
salaries at the district and state levels. Salaries & Benefits Web page at http://www.cde.ca.gov/ds/fd/cs/.
Detailed information regarding expenditures
and salaries can be found at the CDE website at www.cde.ca.gov/ds/fd/ec/ and www.cde.ca.gov/
ds/fd/cs/. (The figures shown in the table below reflect the direct cost of educational services,
per ADA, excluding food services, facilities acquisition and construction, and certain other
expenditures.)
Expenditures Per Pupil and School Site Teachers Salaries
2021-22
Dollars Spent Per Student
% Difference - State Average for
School and Districts of Same % Difference -
Expenditures Per Pupil CDOHS CJUHSD District Size and Type School and State
Total Restricted and Unrestricted 4,661 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Restricted (Supplemental) 4,568 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Unrestricted (Basic) 93 3,585 2.6% 7,607 1.2%
Average Teacher Salary 107,895 111,414 N/A 97,850 N/A
Note: Cells with N/A values do not require data.
In addition to general fund state funding, Chaffey Joint Union High School District receives state
and federal categorical funding for special programs. For the 2021-22 school year, the district
received federal, state, and local aid for the following categorical, special education, and support
programs:
• A-G Completion Grant
• American Rescue Plan – Homeless Children and Youth
• Career & Technical Education Programs
• Career Technical Education Incentive Grant Program
• Child Nutrition: Food Service Staff Training Funds
• Child Nutrition: Kitchen Infrastructure Upgrade Funds
• COVID Relief Funding
• Education Protection Account
• Educator Effectiveness
• Lottery: Instructional Materials
• Mental Health-Related Services
• On-Behalf Pension Contributions
• Other Local: Locally Defined
• Other State: Locally Defined
• Special Education
• State COVID Relief Funding
• State Lottery
• Strong Workforce Program
• Title I, II, III, IV
Chaffey District Online High School 10 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
sarC D
ata
DataqUest
DataQuest is an online data tool located on the CDE DataQuest web page at http://dq.cde.
ca.gov/dataquest/ that contains additional information about Chaffey District Online High
School and comparisons of the school to the district and the county. DataQuest is a dynamic
system that provides reports for school accountability (e.g., test data, enrollment, high school
graduates, dropouts, course enrollments, staffing and data regarding English learners).
CalifOrnia sChOOl DashbOarD
The California School Dashboard (Dashboard) www.caschooldashboard.org/ reflects California’s
new accountability and continuous improvement system and provides information about
how LEAs and schools are meeting the needs of California’s diverse student population. The
Dashboard contains reports that display the performance of LEAs, schools, and student groups
on a set of state and local measures to assist in identifying strengths, challenges, and areas in
need of improvement.
internet
nternet access is available at public libraries and other locations that are publicly accessible (e.g.,
the California State Library). Access to the Internet at libraries and public locations is generally
provided on a first-come, first served basis. Other use restrictions may include the hours of
operation, the length of time that a workstation may be used (depending on availability), the
types of software programs available on a workstation and the ability to print documents.
DisClOsUre
The statistical information disclosed in this report is obtained from the California Department of
Education and the Chaffey Joint Union High School School District. At the time of publication,
this report met all SARC-related state and federal requirements, using the most current data
available. Data to prepare the instructional materials sections and the school facilities section
was acquired in October 2023.
Chaffey District Online High School 11 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
Chaffey District Online High School 12 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
