c J u h s d
haffey oinT nion igh chool isTricT
211 West Fifth Street • Ontario, CA 91762 • (909) 988-8511 • www.cjuhsd.net
C C
Accredited by the haffey ommunity
Western Association of
Schools & Colleges
D S
ay Chool
s a r c
chool ccounTaBiliTy ePorT ard
2022-23 school acTiviTy PuBlished in January 2024
c c
haffey ommuniTy
P ’ m
d s rinCiPalS eSSage
ay chool
1802 East 7th Street, Ontario, CA 91764 Welcome to the Chaffey Community Day of Fontana, Upland, Chino, and Mount
(909) 460-5663 School Accountability Report Card, known Baldy. The district’s student population is
Julie Prestsater, Principal as SARC. The purpose of this document is to comprised of 13.9% qualifying for special
julie.prestsater@cjuhsd.net provide parents and the community with education services, 8.7% identified as English
information about academic achievements, learners, 0.5% identified as foster youth, 3.3%
B oard of T rusTees adequacy of instructional materials, status identified as homeless, and 62.4% enrolled in
of campus facilities, qualifications of our the Free & Reduced-Price Meal program.
Susan G. Ovitt, President
Arthur R. Bustamonte, Vice President professional staff, and progress in meeting The district has always maintained an
Donald English, Clerk state standards. The following paragraphs emphasis on academic excellence, including
Cary W. Willborn, Trustee provide an introduction to Chaffey Community
fundamental skills essential for continuing
Gilbert M. Zendejas, Trustee Day School and our instructional program.
learning. High school staff take pride in
Esther Ramirez, Student Representative
Chaffey Community Day School is an providing their students with the experiences
alternative high school that provides and opportunities to prepare for responsible
d a educational opportunities for students citizenship and successful careers.
isTricT dminisTraTion
who have experienced disruptions in their
Mathew Holton
educations. The instructional program Student Enrollment by
Superintendent
gives students individual support and the Student Group and Grade Level
Rick Wiersma opportunity to thrive in a smaller setting with 2022-23
Assistant Superintendent lower class sizes than a traditional high school. % of Total # of
Business Services Student Group Enrollment Grade Level Students
Jessica Kachaenchai The school offers both a computer-based Female 12.5% Grade 9 0
Assistant Superintendent instructional program and traditional learning Male 87.5% Grade 10 3
Instruction opportunities. Our two classrooms have Non-Binary 0.0% Grade 11 9
Kern Oduro computers for student use for online learning. American Indian or 0.0% Grade 12 4
We are able to provide learning opportunities Alaskan Native
Assistant Superintendent
Student Services for both general education and special Asian 0.0%
education students. When needed, students Black or African 6.3%
Charlene Saenz American
may work at an accelerated pace to make up
Assistant Superintendent Filipino 0.0%
credit. Students are able to increase credit
Personnel Hispanic or Latino 81.3%
earning by working at home.
Native Hawaiian or
0.0%
D & S Pacific Islander
iStriCt Chool
c Two or More Races 0.0%
onTenTs D
eSCriPtion White 6.3%
Principal’s Message
English Learners 12.5%
District & School Description
Local Control Accountability Plan (LCAP)
Chaffey Joint union high SChool DiStriCt
Foster Youth 6.3%
Chaffey Joint Union High School District offices
Parent Involvement Homeless 0.0%
Student Achievement are located in the northwest region of the city Migrant 0.0%
School Facilities & Safety of Ontario. During the 2022-23 school year, the
Socioeconomically
Classroom Environment district’s eight comprehensive high schools, Disadvantaged 81.3% Total Enrollment
Curriculum & Instruction one continuation school, one community day Students with 16
Professional Staff school, and one online high school served a Disabilities 43.8%
College & Career Readiness total of 23,145 students in grades 9-12 residing
District Expenditures
in the communities of Ontario, Montclair,
SARC Data & Internet Access
Etiwanda, Rancho Cucamonga, and portions
Chaffey Community Day School 1 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
Chaffey Community Day SChool and Progress (CAASPP) System, which • High school dropout rates; and
During the 2022-23 school year, Chaffey includes the Smarter Balanced Summative • High school graduation rates
Community Day School served 16 students Assessments for students in the general The SARC provides the following information
in grades 9-12. Student enrollment included education population and the California relevant to the State priority: School Climate
12.5% qualifying for English learner support, Alternate Assessments (CAAs) for (Priority 6)
81.3% enrolled in the Free & Reduced-Price English language arts/literacy (ELA)
Meal program, 6.3% were identified as foster and mathematics given in grades three • Pupil suspension rates;
youth, and 43.8% qualified for students with through eight and grade eleven. Only • Pupil expulsion rates; and
disabilities. eligible students may participate in the • Other local measures on the sense of
administration of the CAAs. CAAs items safety
The community day school serves students are aligned with alternative achievement P i
who have been expelled or referred under standards, which are linked with the arent nvolvement
special circumstances by the secondary Common Core State Standards (CCSS) for Parents are encouraged to get involved in
schools in the district. A low student-to- students with the most significant cognitive Chaffey Community Day School’s learning
teacher ratio enables students to receive disabilities); and community by volunteering their time,
individualized instruction and assessment • The percentage of students who have attending school events or sharing in the
in a small, self-contained classroom successfully completed courses that satisfy decision-making process. Parents seeking
environment. The 360-minute instructional the requirements for entrance to the more information or becoming an active
day includes academic programs that provide University of California and the California member in the school community may
challenging curriculum and individual State University, or career technical contact the principal’s secretary at (909)
attention to student learning modalities and sequences or programs of student. 460-5626. Volunteers providing support on
abilities. Students typically return to another The SARC provides the following information campus during school hours may be required
school within the district after they have relevant to the State priority: Other Pupil to obtain a fingerprint and background
completed a semester or one-year term in the Outcomes (Priority 8) clearance. Parents are invited to participate
community day program. on the School Site Council or WASC
• Pupil outcomes in the subject area of
Committee and take an active role in the
School staff focus on developing pro-social physical education
decision-making and leadership processes at
skills, self-esteem, and resiliency in students.
Counselors, pupil discipline personnel, The SARC provides the following information Chaffey Community Day.
probation officers, and human services relevant to the State priority: Parental SChool newS
agency representatives skilled at working Involvement (Priority 3)
All school-to-home communication is
with at-risk youth combine efforts with • Efforts the school district makes to seek
provided in English and Spanish. Through
teaching staff to fulfill the academic, behavior, parent input in making decisions for the
routine correspondence and special
and emotional needs of every student. school district and each school site
announcements, parents are kept informed
SChool miSSion The SARC provides the following information on school news, student activities, schedules,
The mission of Chaffey Community Day is to relevant to the State priority: Pupil Engagement policy changes, and class curriculum updates
provide continued education for students (Priority 5) in the following formats:
who have experienced disruptions or
limited success in their education. Using
California Physical Fitness Test Results
academic curriculum, individual advisement,
cooperative social experiences and
2022-23
alternative programs, a caring staff interact
% of Students Tested
with students to encourage accountability,
product behavior, and academic skills. It is
the goal of the administration that CCDS Abdominal Trunk Extensor Upper Body
have a safe school/community environment Strength and and Strength and Strength and
that is physically and emotionally safe, well Aerobic Capacity Endurance Flexibility Endurance Flexibility
disciplined, and conducive to learning.
Grade Level
Ninth 50.0% 50.0% 50.0% 50.0% 50.0%
l C
oCal ontrol Note: The administration of the PFT during 2021-22 and 2022-23 school years, only participation results are
required for these five fitness areas.
a P (lCaP)
CCountability lan
Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the
As part of the Local Control Funding Formula, number of students in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
school districts are required to develop,
California Assessment of Student Performance and Progress Test Results in Science
adopt, and annually update a three-year
Local Control and Accountability Plan (LCAP). All Students
The SARC provides the following information Percentage of Students Meeting or Exceeding the State Standards
relevant to the State priority: Basic (Priority 1) CCDS CJUHSD CA
• Degree to which teachers are appropriated 21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23
assigned and fully credentialed in the Science (Grades 5, 8, & 10) -- -- 27.3 NT 28.72 29.47
subject area and for the pupils they are Note: Science test results include the CAST and the CAA for Science. The “Percent Met or Exceeded” is calculated by taking the total
teaching; number of students who met or exceeded the standard on the CAST plus the total number of students who met the standard (i.e.,
• School facilities are maintained in good achieved Level 3-Alternate) on the CAA for Science divided by the total number of students who participated in a science assessment.
repair
Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this
The SARC provides the following information category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
relevant to the State priority: Pupil
Achievement (Priority 4) The number of students tested includes all students who participated in the test whether they received a score or not; however, the
number of students tested is not the number that was used to calculate the achievement level percentages. The achievement level
• Statewide assessments (i.e., California
percentages are calculated using only students who receive scores.
Assessment of Student Performance
Chaffey Community Day School 2 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
• Canvas PhySiCal fitneSS
• Frequent academic progress reports In the spring of each year, Chaffey Community Day School is required by the state to administer
• ParentSquare a physical fitness test to all students in the ninth grade. Chaffey Community Day School does not
• Phone calls and flyers offer their program to ninth graders and is, therefore, exempt from the physical fitness testing
• Emails from APEX regarding student progress requirement.
S a
tuDent Chievement
California aSSeSSment of StuDent
PerformanCe anD ProgreSS (CaaSPP) CAASPP Test Results in Science by Student Group (Grades 5, 8, & High School)
The California Assessment of Student
2022-23
Performance and Progress (CAASPP) System
Percent Not Percent Met or
includes the Smarter Balanced Summative Total Enrollment Number Tested Percent Tested
Tested Exceeded
Assessments (SBAC) for students in the
All Students Tested -- -- -- -- --
general education population, and the
Female
California Alternate Assessments (CAAs) for Male -- -- -- -- --
students with the most significant cognitive American Indian or Alaskan Native
disabilities. Only eligible students may Asian
participate in the administration of the CAAs. Black or African American
CAAs items are aligned with alternative Filipino
achievement standards, which are linked with Hispanic or Latino -- -- -- -- --
the Common Core State Standards (CCSS). Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
CAASPP results are a measure of how well Two or More Races
White
students are mastering California’s standards
English Learners -- -- -- -- --
in English language arts/literacy (ELA) and
Foster Youth
mathematics, and are given to grades three
Homeless
through eight and grade eleven. SBAC tests
Military
assess student performance in ELA/Literacy Socioeconomically Disadvantaged -- -- -- -- --
and mathematics utilizing computer-adaptive
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services
tests and performance tasks, and CAAs test
Students with Disabilities
items are aligned with alternative achievement Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or less, either because the number of students in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or
standards which are linked with the Common to protect student privacy.
Core State Standards (CCSS).
California Assessment of Student Performance and Progress Test Results in
The CAASPP results shown in this report English Language Arts/Literacy (ELA) and Mathematics for All Students in Grade Eleven
include overall results comparing the school,
Percentage of Students Meeting or Exceeding the State Standards
district and state scores as well as the school’s
CCDS CJUHSD CA
overall score in each applicable subgroup.
21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23
Results are shown only for subgroups with
English-Language Arts/Literacy -- -- 66 67 47 46
ten students or more taking the exam. For
Mathematics -- -- 31 34 33 34
those categories that are blank in the tables, Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this category
no students met subgroup criteria. More is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
information on CAASPP can be found on the ELA and mathematics test results include the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessments and the CAA. The “Percent Met or Exceeded” is
California Department of Education’s website calculated by taking the total number of students who met or exceeded the standard on the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessment plus the
total number of students who met the standard (i.e., achieved Level 3-Alternate) on the CAA divided by the total number of students who
www.cde.ca.gov/ta/tg/ca/. participated in both assessments.
CAASPP Test Results in ELA & Mathematics by Student Group (Grades 11)
2022-23
English Language Arts/Literacy Mathematics
Percent Not Percent Met Percent Not Percent Met
Total Enrollment Number Tested Percent Tested Total Enrollment Number Tested Percent Tested
Tested or Exceeded Tested or Exceeded
All Students Tested -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Female
Male -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
American Indian or Alaskan Native
Asian
Black or African American -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Filipino
Hispanic or Latino -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
Two or More Races -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
White -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
English Learners -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Foster Youth
Homeless
Military
Socioeconomically Disadvantaged -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services
Students with Disabilities -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
ELA and mathematics test results include the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessments and the CAA. The “Percent Met or Exceeded” is calculated by taking the total number of students who met or exceeded the standard on the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessment plus the total
number of students who met the standard (i.e., achieved Level 3-Alternate) on the CAA divided by the total number of students who participated in both assessments.
Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
The number of students tested includes all students who participated in the test whether they received a score or not; however, the number of students tested is not the number that was used to calculate the achievement level percentages. The achievement level percentages are calculated
using only students who received scores.
Chaffey Community Day School 3 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
S
Chool
f
aCilitieS
& S
afety
SChool Site Safety Plan school custodian or district maintenance staff,
The Comprehensive School Safety Plan (CSSP) based upon the nature of the situation.
was developed for Chaffey Community Day
faCilitieS Profile Chaffey Community Day School, Chaffey
School in collaboration with local agencies
Chaffey Community Day School provides a District Online High School and Chaffey Adult
and the district office to fulfill Senate Bill 187
safe, clean environment for learning through Education share one evening custodian for
requirements. Components of this plan include
proper facilities maintenance and campus routine custodial duties and special events
child abuse reporting procedures, teacher
supervision. The campus is located on Valley preparations. Administration communicates
notification of dangerous pupil procedures,
View High School’s campus in Ontario, Ca. daily with the custodian regarding the
disaster response procedures, procedures for
Monthly safety inspections and ongoing needs and safety concerns. Following a
safe arrival and departure from school, sexual
maintenance ensures school facilities are kept standard inspection checklist, the custodian
harassment policy, dress code policy, and bully
safe, in good working condition, and provide is responsible for maintaining clean, safe,
prevention policy. The school’s safety plan is
adequate space for students and staff. During and stocked restrooms. One groundskeeper
reviewed, updated, and shared with school
the 2022-23 school year a new basketball is shared between Chaffey Community Day
staff in October 2023.
court was completed on campus. School and Valley View Continuation School;
Campus culture promotes a secure learning the groundskeeper is responsible for general
Campus Description environment that encourages mutual respect, landscaping, irrigation, and litter/trash
Year Built 2006 safe and healthy relationships, dignity, and removal.
equality. Bullying and harassment are not
Acreage 6.5 ac. School safety and cleanliness are the
tolerated. The district has employed policies,
Bldg. Square Footage 34,636 sf. custodians’ highest priority and strongly
procedures, and practices to reduce and
Quantity
eliminate bullying and harassment as well as
# of Permanent Classrooms 2 the means to address such incidents when
# of Portable Classrooms 0 they occur. Students and their parents receive
# of Restrooms (student use) 1 set information annually regarding district policies
Administrative Office 1 concerning anti-bullying and harassment.
SuPerviSion & Safety
faCilitieS maintenanCe
All staff share in the supervision of students School custodial staff and the district’s
throughout the day. Each morning, staff maintenance department work together to
greet students as they enter campus grounds ensure classrooms and campus grounds are
through the front entrance. One campus well-maintained and kept safe and functioning
security officer is stationed in the quad for students, staff, and visitors. Maintenance and
area and circulates throughout the campus Operations (M&O) employs an electronic (web-
before instruction begins. When students are based) work order system enabling school staff
dismissed, school staff and campus security to communicate unscheduled maintenance
are in designated areas to ensure students needs, urgent repairs, or special projects. Chaffey
leave campus in a safe and orderly manner. Community Day School’s repairs, maintenance
The campus security officer patrols the projects, and work order requests are performed
campus during class time to minimize student by district maintenance personnel. Emergency
loitering in buildings and parking lots. situations are immediately resolved either by the
To maintain a safe and secure environment, all
parents and visitors are required to check in
at the school office using the ”Lobby Guard”
program, obtain and wear a visitor’s badge,
and then return to the office upon departure.
SChool inSPeCtionS
Every morning before school begins, the
principal and campus security officer inspect
facilities for safety hazards, graffiti, and other
conditions that require removal prior to
students and staff entering school grounds. Item Inspected
On an annual basis, schools are required Inspection Date:
by the state to perform a comprehensive July 3, 2023
inspection and report those findings to
the school community. The most recent
inspection for Chaffey Community Day School
took place on July 3, 2023. The School Facility
Good Repair Status table illustrated in this
report identifies the state-required inspection
areas and discloses the operational status in
each of those areas. During fiscal year 2023-
24, all restrooms were fully functional and
available for student use at the time of the
inspection.
Chaffey Community Day School 4 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
dooG riaF rooP
Suspensions & Expulsions by Student Group (2022-23)
Suspensions Expulsions
Student Group
Rate Rate
All Students 38.30% 0.00%
Female 0.00% 0.00%
Male 37.21% 0.00%
Non-Binary 0.00% 0.00%
American Indian or Alaska Native 0.00% 0.00%
Asian 0.00% 0.00%
Black or African American 0.00% 0.00%
Filipino 0.00% 0.00%
Hispanic or Latino 41.67% 0.00%
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 0.00% 0.00%
Two or More Races 0.00% 0.00%
White 0.00% 0.00%
English Learners 0.00% 0.00%
Foster Youth 0.00% 0.00%
Homeless 0.00% 0.00%
Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 38.10% 0.00%
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services 0.00% 0.00%
Students with Disabilities 34.48% 0.00%
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or
fewer, either because the number of students in this category is too small for
statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
Suspensions and Expulsions
CCDS CJUHSD CA
20-21 21-22 22-23 20-21 21-22 22-23 20-21 21-22 22-23
Suspensions 0.00% 26.92% 38.30% 0.20% 5.98% 3.60% 0.20% 3.17% 6.44%
Expulsions 0.00% 1.92% 0.00% 0.00% 0.21% 0.08% 0.00% 0.07% 0.21%
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this category is too
small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
School Facility Good Repair Status
Repair Status
Repair Needed and
Action Taken or Planned
Systems 
Interior Surfaces 
Cleanliness 
Electrical 
Restrooms/Fountains 
Safety 
Structural 
External 
Overall Summary of School Facility Good Repair Status
Exemplary Good Fair Poor
Overall Summary 
Exemplary: The school meets most or all standards of good repair. Deficiencies noted, if any, are not significant and/or impact a very
small area of the school.
have developed individual classroom
Graduation Rate by Student Group (Four-Year Cohort Rate) (2022-23)
management and incentive programs for
Number of
Number of Cohort Cohort behavior and academics. Upon enrollment,
Student Group Students in
Graduates Graduation Rate student and their parents must attend an
Cohort
intake meeting with school administrators to
All Students -- -- --
review policies, procedures, and expectations
Female of the community day school program.
Male -- -- -- Students and their parents are required
Non-Binary to sign a contract to acknowledge receipt
and acceptance of Chaffey Community Day
American Indian or Alaska Native
School policies.
Asian
At the beginning of the school year, school
Black or African American
rules, district policies, and academic
Filipino
expectations are clearly addressed:
Hispanic or Latino -- -- --
• In the district’s student/parent handbook
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
• In the enrollment packet
Two or More Races • In classroom discussions led by the principal
White -- -- -- • Video presentation in class and available
English Learners -- -- -- online
Foster Youth -- -- -- All students are enrolled in the Chaffey
Homeless Community Day School’s Healthy Choices
Socioeconomically Disadvantaged -- -- -- Class as a component of their regular
coursework. Character education lessons
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services
supplement classroom activities which
Students with Disabilities -- -- -- promote and reinforce efforts to meet
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this behavior expectations and academic learning
category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
goals.
For more information on the Four-Year Adjusted Cohort Graduation Rate (ACGR), visit the CDE Adjusted Cohort Graduation Rate web page at Progressive discipline begins in the
https://www.cde.ca.gov/ds/ad/acgrinfo.asp.
classroom when students are disruptive
Chronic Absenteeism by Student Group (2022-23) or demonstrating poor citizenship. The
Chronic Chronic Chronic behavior improvement process involves the
Cumulative Absenteeism
Student Group Absenteeism Absenteeism student, teacher, parent, and administrators.
Enrollment Eligible
Count Rate Students continuing to have difficulty with
Enrollment
their behavior are referred to the counselor
All Students 47 32 30 93.8
for further intervention measures, taking
Female -- -- -- --
into consideration past behavior trends. In
Male 43 29 27 93.1 some instances, a student may be referred
Non-Binary to the principal, based upon the severity
American Indian or Alaska Native of the infraction. Chaffey Community Day
Asian School maintains a zero tolerance policy
for severe misconduct and infractions.
Black or African American -- -- -- --
Misbehavior is not tolerated and is dealt
Filipino
with firmly, consistently, and fairly to the
Hispanic or Latino 36 25 24 96 extent necessary to ensure a safe and positive
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander learning environment in the classroom and
Two or More Races on campus. Expelled students are referred to
the San Bernardino County Community Day
White -- -- -- --
School.
English Learners -- -- -- --
Foster Youth -- -- -- --
Homeless -- -- -- --
ChroniC abSenteeiSm
The chart in this report identifies the chronic
Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 42 29 27 93.1
absenteeism rates by student group for
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services
Chaffey Community Day School for the 2022-
Students with Disabilities 29 18 17 94.4 23 school year. A “chronic absentee” has been
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this defined in EC Section 60901(c)(1) as “a pupil
category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
who is absent on 10 percent or more of the
school days in the school year when the total
emphasized as a component of their daily C e
laSSroom nvironment number of days a pupil is absent is divided by
routines. Custodians receive training from
the total number of days the pupil is enrolled
qualified supply vendors regarding proper DiSCiPline & Climate for learning
and school was actually taught in the regular
cleaning methods, use of chemicals, and All staff believe that a safe learning
day schools of the district, exclusive of
use of equipment. The district provides environment is an effective learning
Saturdays and Sundays.”
appropriate equipment and supplies to environment. Behavior management practices
maintain a clean, healthy environment. and discipline policies are based upon state
DroPoutS & graDuation rateS
education codes, board policies, the school’s
Chaffey Community Day School’s teachers
Student Learning Outcome’s (SLO’s), and school
and administrative staff are skilled in and
behavior guidelines. School and classroom
have developed ways to detect the early
rules are posted in each classroom. Teachers
identification of students exhibiting the
Chaffey Community Day School 5 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
warning signs and/or behavioral traits that ClaSS Size C
urriCulum
& i
nStruCtion
typically lead to dropping out of school. The Average Class Size & Distribution table
Administrators and teachers believe that in this report illustrates the distribution of
working together to create a safe environment class sizes by grade level, the average class inStruCtional materialS
and supportive communication fosters size, and the number of classes that contain All textbooks used in the core curriculum
success. 1-22 students, 23-32 students, and 33 or more throughout Chaffey Joint Union High School
students. District are being aligned to the California
Behavior and academic intervention
State Standards. Instructional materials for
strategies provide the support and motivation
Average Class Size and core content areas are approved by the
some students require to earn their diploma.
Class Size Distribution district’s Board of Education. The district
Counseling, tutoring, and APEX Online are
2020-21 follows the State Board of Education’s
available to resolve issues for those students
adoption cycle for core content materials and
having difficultly with subject area content
for textbook adoptions in foreign language,
or social interactions. School staff monitor Average Number of Classes* visual and performing arts, and health.
attendance rates, course grades, and CAASPP Subject Class Size 1-22 23-32 33+
results to identify students who may be English 2.0 10 On September 12, 2023, the Chaffey Joint
at risk of not meeting graduation criteria. Math 2.0 9 Union High School District’s Board of
Students are encouraged to take an active Education held a public hearing to certify the
Science 3.0 6
role in self-monitoring their own attendance, extent to which textbooks and instructional
Social Science 2.0 12
credit accumulation, and transcripts. Teachers 2021-22 materials have been provided to students.
collaborate frequently to identify students for The Board of Education adopted Resolution
English 2.0 7
referral to the Student Success Team (SST) for No. 2023-25 which certifies as required by
Math
intervention planning. Counselors meet with Education Code §60119 that (1) sufficient
students and may recommend SST support Science 2.0 6 textbooks and instructional materials have
based upon individual circumstances and Social Science 2.0 2 been provided to each student, including
2022-23
status of course credits. English learners, that are aligned to the
English academic content standards and consistent
The APEX Online program offers students
Math 2.0 7 with the cycles and context of the curriculum
the opportunity to quickly remedy credit
Science 4.0 3 frameworks in the following subjects:
deficiencies. Supervised by certificated staff,
Social Science 1.0 3 history/social science, mathematics, reading/
students are engaged in an intense computer-
language arts, and science, (2) sufficient
assisted, self-paced curricula which fulfills *Number of classes indicates how many classrooms
textbooks or instructional materials were
many graduation coursework requirements. fall into each size category (a range of total students
provided to each pupil enrolled in foreign
per classroom). At the secondary level, this
Detailed information about dropout rates information is reported by subject area rather than language or health classes, (3) laboratory
and graduation rates can be found on the grade level. equipment was available for science
DataQuest web page at http://dq.cde.ca.gov/ laboratory classes offered in grades 9-12,
dataquest/. inclusive. In addition, each student enrolled
in a performing arts class was provided
Dropout and Graduation Rates sufficient textbooks or instructional materials
(Four-Year Cohort Rate) to use in class or to take home.
CCDS
20-21 21-22 22-23 In addition to the core subject areas, districts
Dropout Rate (%) 3.1 1.3 -- are required to disclose in their SARCs the
Graduation Rate (%) 94.9 97.8 -- sufficiency of instructional materials used
CJUHSD for its visual/performing arts curricula.
Dropout Rate (%) 3.6 1.9 9.4
During the 2023-24 school year, Chaffey
Graduation Rate (%) 92.8 94.4 89.8
Joint Union High School District provided
CA
Dropout Rate (%) 9.4 7.8 6.1 all students enrolled in a visual/performing
Graduation Rate (%) 83.6 87.0 93.7 arts class with their own textbook or
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of supplemental materials to use in class and
students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students to take home. These materials comply with
in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect the state’s content standards and curriculum
student privacy. frameworks.
Chaffey Community Day School 6 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
Textbooks
DiStriCt-SPonSoreD Staff DeveloPment
All curriculum and instructional improvement
Percent of Pupils Who
activities within the Chaffey Joint Union High
From Most Lack Their Own Assigned
School District are aligned to the California
Recent State Textbooks and/or
State Standards. Staff development is
Year Adopted Adoption? Publisher and Series Instructional Materials
selected and identified based upon student
Reading/Language Arts
assessment results, state content standards,
2022 * College Board: AP College Board 0%
professional development staff surveys, and
2015 * Houghton Mifflin Harcourt: Collections 0%
district/school goals. The district and site level
2016 * National Geographic Learning; EDGE 0%
staff development committees work as a team
2022 * ERWC: Expository Reading / Writing 0%
to identify areas of need and deliver innovative
Math
training programs to support the district’s
2012 * Pearson: Calculus AP 0% efforts to increase student performance levels.
2015 * Houghton Mifflin Harcourt: Integrated Mathematics 1, 2, and 3 0% The district-level committee is a collective
2007 * Cengage Learning: Calculus 0% of district and school level representatives
2015 * W.H. Freeman: Statistics 0% who share curricular goals and objectives as
well as evaluate staff development programs
2018 * Cengage Learning: Advanced Financial Algebra 0%
and opportunities. Site level committees
2015 * Brock, Mariano: Statistics 0%
are responsible for overseeing the staff
2022 * California State University: MRWC IV-1 0%
development budget and approving training
Science
programs and opportunities. Both district
2021 * McGraw-Hill: Anatomy / Physics 0%
and site level committees consider objectives
2020 * Houghton Mifflin Harcourt: Earth Science 0% identified in school plans, Federal Program
2020 * McGraw-Hill: Inspire Biology 0% Monitoring (FPM) review results, and input
2020 * McGraw-Hill: Inspire Chemistry 0% from various state and federal agencies
2006 * Pearson: Essentials of Geology 0% to identify staff development needs to
2018 * Marieb, Hoehn: Anatomy / Physics 0% improve instructional practices and student
2021 * Cengage Learning: Forensic Science 0% achievement. Professional Development
2011 * Prentice Hall: National Disasters 0% initiated by district and/or site administration
Social Science involves all stakeholder groups and is data
2022 * College Board: AP College Board 0% driven and research based.
2022 * Pearson: Economics Principles in Action 0% The CJUHSD continues to develop and
2022 * Pearson: Economics Today Plus 0% enter into a District Reform Initiative. This
2017 * Houghton Mifflin Harcourt: Government I 0% initiative focuses on improving instruction
2017 * Houghton Mifflin Harcourt: US History 0% and increasing student achievement utilizing
2018 * Pearson: World History 0% essential measurement standards, formative
Foreign Language assessment, student learning scales and
2006 * Sign Media: American Sign Language 0% trackers and involving students in their own
2016 * Dawn Sign Press: American Sign Language 0% assessment of learning. Since the inception
of this initiative, every District teacher has
2017 * Supalla and Bahan: American Sign Language 0%
received training in the use of student
2017 * Houghton Mifflin Harcourt: Avancemos 0%
performance data and the development
2014 * Vista Higher Learning: Imagina 0%
of essential standards. Training has been
2018 * EMC: T'es Branche? 0%
ongoing and additional training has focused
2022 * EMC: T'es Branche? 0%
on learning scales, assessment development
and training related to the use of technology
in the classroom and communicating with
the home. This ongoing initiative and related
outcomes continue to provide for growth and
reform within the District.
Chaffey Joint Union High School District
offers supplemental training and support for
new and ongoing program implementation.
Training activities take place throughout the
school year and generally focus on curriculum,
teaching strategies and methodologies.
During the 2021-22, 2022-23, and 2023-24
school years, Chaffey Community Day School’s
teachers had the opportunity to attend
supplementary professional development
offered by the district on the following:
Chaffey Community Day School 7 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
2021-22 Trainings: • Bullet Journaling for Mental Health and/or P rofeSSional S taff
• Canvas Studio Productivity
• Zoom Breakout Sessions • STEM Case Studies
• Distance/Hybrid Learning Strategies SuPPort ServiCeS Staff
Chaffey Joint Union High School District and Chaffey Community Day School’s non-
2022-23 Trainings: the Association of Chaffey Teachers (ACT) have teaching support services staff is a specialized
• ExSELent Strategies for Calm, Connected, joined efforts to provide the Peer Assistance for team of experts who, through close
and Positive Classrooms Teachers (PAT) Program to develop and retain collaboration, is instrumental in improving
• French Textbook Training high-quality teachers who have the ability student attendance and achievement
• Read 180/System 44 Teacher Training to maximize student potential and learning. through the identification, referral, and
• Linguistic Versatility: Celebrating Student Support Provider teachers who have had remediation of health and/or emotional
Voice, Culture, and Identify substantial experience in classroom instruction concerns.
• Universal Strategies to Promote Learning and demonstrate exemplary teaching ability
• Standards-Based Grading: Enhancing serve as mentors and provide individualized West End Family Counseling offers a Student
Student Performance, Motivation and support for new and experienced teachers. Assistance Program for Chaffey Community
Communication PAT’s wide range of services included: Day School’s students. This grant-funded
• Science: Introduction to Gizmos program is available for teens requiring
• Applying Sense-Making Scientific Practices • BTSA - Credentialing program for grief, crisis, drug abuse, or tobacco cessation
w/Gizmos teachers support. The counseling center’s program
• Enhance Your Instruction with Canva and • New Teacher Induction director visits the campus twice a week
Other Tools • Support for Intern teachers to conduct small group sessions with
• CommonLit • Peer Assistance & Review (PAR) Program (for participating students.
permanent teachers requiring/requesting
• Building a Legally Defensible IEP
assistance)
• Phenomenon-Driven Storytimes Academic Counselors and
• Why Ethnic Studies is Essential Studies - Additionally, the ACT has developed an Other Support Staff
Infusing “Race” and Anti-Racism into Lesson Instruction & Professional Development (IPD)
2022-23
Planning program providing professional development
• The Student-Centered Class: Identity, in many different areas to teachers. New No. of
Language, Equity & Social Justice and veteran teachers meet to discuss topics Staff FTE*
• Science: Engaging in Argumentation from pertinent to the classroom and participate in
Academic Counselor 1 1.0
Evidence w/Gizmos workshops related to improving instruction.
• Edge Refresher Training Campus Security Officers 1 1.0
• ExSELent Strategies for Self-management Nurse 1 1.0
Site-baSeD Staff DeveloPment
• Back to School: Setting the Stage for a Year
During the 2022-23 school year, Chaffey Speech & Language Specialist As Needed
of Critical Thinking and Brave Conversations
Community Day School staff collaborate as Psychologist 2 1.2
• Grade Guardian
• Connect with Industry Professionals by needed across the curriculum as a whole group Nurse Assistant 1 1.0
to address student progress and instructional
Virtually Bringing Real World Career
improvement needs. Staff training activities Average Number of Students per
Exposure to Students
took place at morning staff meetings held Academic Counselor 105
• Developing a Culture of Mathematical
before school and focused on Blended
Thinking
Instruction recommendations. Chaffey *One Full Time Equivalent (FTE) equals one staff member
• Writing Strategies for Comparison Essays for working full time; one FTE could also represent two staff
Community Day School’s staff development
Spanish Speakers 2S and 3S members who each work 50% of full time.
activities focused on:
• Bullet Journaling for Mental Health and Self-
Care • APEX Training teaCher PreParation anD CreDentialS
• Supporting our LGTBQ+ Students • Best Practices
The charts in this report identify the number
• Back-to-School STEM Activities • Common Core State Standards
of teachers at Chaffey Community Day School,
• Computer Based Instruction
2023-24 Trainings: Chaffey Joint Union High School District and
• Read 180
• The Power of Culturally Responsive the State who are 1) fully credentialed; 2)
• Scaffolding for Student Success
Curriculum intern credential holders who are properly
• SEL Training
• CANVAS Quizzes and Lockdown Browser assigned; 3) teachers without credentials and
• Trauma Informed Schools
• Universal Strategies to Scaffold Assignments misassignments; and 4) credentialed teachers
to Promote Learning Staff members are encouraged to attend who are assigned out-of-field under ESSA.
• Creating Cohesion and Collaboration for professional workshops offered by the district,
Special Education Students in the General professional organizations, or the county office The charts also report Chaffey Community
Education Environment of education. Substitute teachers are invited Day School information related to 1) the
• CommonLit Overview to attend an annual orientation to better serve number of teachers on permits and waivers;
• Grade Guardian & ParentSquare Training the students of the district; training addresses 2) the number misassigned; 3) the number
• Math district policies and procedures as well as of vacant positions; 4) the number of
• Artificial Intelligence for Teachers effective classroom management strategies. credentialed teachers authorized on a permit
• Engaging Students Through Choice Classified support staff may receive additional or waiver; 5) the number of local assignment
• Canvas Café job-related training from vendors, department options; 6) the percent of misassignments for
• Engaging Students Through Choice supervisors, district representatives, and English Learners; and 7) the percent with no
• Standards / Rubric Based Grading professional trainers. District-sponsored credential, permit or authorization to teach.
• WRITE Institute in-service opportunities are provided for
• Using Gizmos with the Science and technical staff, secretarial support staff, office
Engineering Practices management staff, customer service staff and
• Creating Well-Being Belong, and leadership training.
Engagement in your Classroom
• Thinking Classrooms (Cross-Curricular)
Chaffey Community Day School 8 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
C P &
Teachers Without Credentials and Misassignments ollege reParationS
(Considered "Ineffective" under ESSA) / 2020-21 2021-22
C r
Authorization/Assignment areer eaDineSS
Permits and Waivers 0 0
Misassignments 0 0 College PreParation CourSeS
Vacant Positions 0 0 Students meet with their counselor twice a
year to review their four-year plan, evaluate
Total Teachers Without Credentials and Misassignments 0 0
progress in meeting personal goals, and
review status on fulfilling graduation
Credentialed Teachers Assigned Out-of-Field requirements. Students are encouraged
(Considered "out-of-Field" under ESSA) / Indicator 2020-21 2021-22 to take required courses if they plan on
attending a four-year college or university.
Credentialed Teachers Authorized on a Permit or Waiver 0 0 Chaffey Community Day School offers only
Local Assignment Options 0.9 0.7 those classes needed to acquire a high
school diploma from the Chaffey Joint Union
Total Out-of-Field Teachers 0.9 0.7
High School District. Students may enroll in
college prep courses through the community
Class Assignments / Indicator 2020-21 2021-22 college or online resources.
Misassignments for English Learners (a percentage of all the classes
0 0 Enrollment in and Completion of
with English learners taught by teachers that are misassigned)
UC/CSU-Required Courses
No credential, permit or authorization to teacher (a percentage of all %
the classes taught by teachers with no record of an authorization to 0 0 2022-23 Pupils Enrolled in UC/CSU Courses
teach) Required for UC/CSU Admission 50
Note: For more information, refer to the Updated Teacher Equity Definitions web page at
https://www.cde.ca.gov/pd/ee/teachereqauitydefinitions.asp
2021-22 Graduates Who Completed All Courses
School Year 2020-21 Required for UC/CSU Admission 0
Teacher Preparation and Placement / School School District District State State
Authorization/Assignment # % # % # % univerSity of California aDmiSSion
Fully (Preliminary or Clear) Credentialed for
requirementS
Subject and Student Placement (properly 1.3 60.17 889.9 91.73 228366.1 83.12 Admission requirements for the University
assigned) of California (UC) follow guidelines set forth
Intern Credential Holders Properly Assigned 0 0 7.9 0.82 4205.9 1.53 in the Master Plan, which requires that the
Teachers Without Credentials and top one-eighth of the state’s high school
0 0 12.9 1.33 11216.7 4.08
Misassignments ("ineffective" under ESSA) graduates, as well as those transfer students
Credentialed Teachers Assigned Out-of-Field 0.9 39.83 23.6 2.43 12115.8 4.41 who have successfully completed specified
("out-of-field" under ESSA)
college work, be eligible for admission to
Unknown 0 0 35.7 3.68 18854.3 6.86 the UC. These requirements are designed
to ensure that all eligible students are
Total Teaching Positions 2.3 100 970.1 100 274759.1 100
adequately prepared for University-level
work. For general admissions requirements
School Year 2021-22 please visit the University of California
website at www.universityofcalifornia.edu/
Teacher Preparation and Placement / School School District District State State
Authorization/Assignment # % # % # % admissions/general.html.
Fully (Preliminary or Clear) Credentialed for
Subject and Student Placement (properly 1.5 67.25 858.2 89.8 234405.2 84 California State univerSity aDmiSSion
assigned) requirementS
Intern Credential Holders Properly Assigned 0 0 5 0.52 4853 1.74
Admission requirements for the California
Teachers Without Credentials and
0 0 19.1 2.01 12001.5 4.3 State University (CSU) use three factors to
Misassignments ("ineffective" under ESSA)
Credentialed Teachers Assigned Out-of-Field determine eligibility. They are specific high
0.7 32.75 27.8 2.92 11953.1 4.28
("out-of-field" under ESSA) school courses; grades in specified courses
Unknown 0 0 45.4 4.75 15831.9 5.67 and test scores; and graduation from
high school. Some campuses have higher
Total Teaching Positions 2.2 100 955.6 100 279044.8 100
standards for particular majors or students
Note: The data in this table is based on Full Time Equivalent (FTE) status. One FTE equals one staff member working full
time; one FTE could also represent two staff members who each work 50 percent of full time. Additionally, an assignment is who live outside the local campus area.
defined as a position that an educator is assigned to based on setting, subject, and grade level. An authorization is defined as Because of the number of students who
the services that an educator is authorized to provide to students. apply, a few campuses have higher standards
(supplementary admission criteria) for all
applicants. Most CSU campuses utilize local
admission guarantee policies for students
who graduate or transfer from high schools
and colleges that are historically served by
a CSU campus in that region. For general
admissions requirements please visit the
California State University website at www.
calstate.edu/admission/.
Chaffey Community Day School 9 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
aDvanCeD PlaCement Career Pathway Sequences
Advanced placement (AP) programs give Agriculture Business
Career Technical Education Program Participation
students an opportunity to take college-level Accounting Services
2022-23
courses and exams while still in high school. Entrepreneurship
Students who receive a 3, 4, or 5 on their final Media Support Services Total Number of Students Participating in CTE
AP exams qualify for college credit at most of Hospitality, Tourism, and Recreation Programs --
the nation’s colleges. Chaffey Community Day Information Support and Services
School does not offer advanced placement Programming and Systems Development
courses; student may enroll in advanced
On-Campus Articulated Career Percentage of Students Completing a CTE
placement programs upon returning to the
comprehensive school environment. Technical Education Courses Program and Earning a High School Diploma --
Computer Applications I
Advanced Placement (AP) Courses On-Campus Baldy View ROP Courses Percentage of CTE Courses Sequenced or
2022-23 Articulated Between the School and Institutions of
Landscaping Design
Postsecondary Education --
No. of AP Courses Offered* Landscaping Designs Turf Management
Art 1
English 8 On-Campus Career Technical
Foreign Language 1 Education Courses
Math 2
Computer Applications I
Science 2
Digital Photography
Social Science 11
Introduction to Horticulture
Totals 25
Work experience students are partnered with
Note: Cells with N/A values do not require data. community organizations and employers that
* Where there are student course enrollments of at provide on-the-job training and mentoring for
least one student. students 16 years and older. Work experience
students receive guidance and supervision
Career reaDineSS designed to ensure maximum educational
Counselors and advisors meet with students benefit from part-time job placement.
annually to identify career objectives and
Workability provides work experience
identify programs that may offer advantages
opportunities outside the school day that
in acquiring employment after graduation.
meet the students’ interests and aptitudes
Students have access to CaliforniaColleges.
while providing real-world job experience
edu, an online career exploration and
prior to graduation. The program is available
portfolio-building program designed to
to all students with disabilities who have an
help students prepare for both college and
Individualized Education Plan.
employment after graduation. Valley Views
High School’s career technical education Chaffey Joint Union High School District and
programs, career pathways, and regional Baldy View Regional Occupational Program
occupational programs (ROP) offer a wide (ROP) collaborate to support articulation
range of opportunities for students to get a with local community colleges, review
head start on their future. employment needs with local businesses and
job employment services representatives,
The district has established a computer
and support common efforts between
studies graduation requirement, which is
schools, local business and the community.
met through completion of a variety of career
Articulated courses or sequences of courses
technical education courses, including Baldy
are comparable to, or acceptable in lieu
View ROP courses. Completion of a career
of, specific course requirements at Chaffey
pathway sequence is one method to fulfill
Community College and Mt. San Antonio
the 20-unit district focus area graduation
Community College. Successful completion of
requirement. Students integrate coursework
an articulated high school/ROP course assures
into their four-year academic plan as core
that 1) the high school and student have met
academic, vocational, elective, and technical
course requirements and 2) placement to the
courses.
next level of instruction at Chaffey Community
Individual student assessment of work College and/or Mt. San Antonio Community
readiness skills takes place through end- College. Baldy View ROP courses prepare high
of-course exams, course-required projects, school students (16 years and older) for entry-
community service projects, and on-the- level employment, upgrading current job
job/classroom observation. Community skills, or obtaining more advanced levels of
partnerships and course instructors provide education. Public transportation vouchers (bus
feedback on student progress following an passes) to some off-campus ROP courses are
established schedule based on program type. available when appropriate.
For more information on career technical
programs, contact the high school’s career
center or the state’s career technical website at
www.cde.ca.gov/ci/ct/.
Chaffey Community Day School 10 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
D e SarC D
iStriCt xPenDitureS ata
Salary & buDget ComPariSon DataqueSt
State law requires comparative salary and Teacher and Administrative Salaries DataQuest is an online data tool located
budget information to be reported to the 2021-22 on the CDE DataQuest web page at http://
general public. For comparison purposes, the dq.cde.ca.gov/dataquest/ that contains
State Department of Education has provided additional information about Chaffey
average salary data from school districts State Average Community Day School and comparisons
having similar average daily attendance of Districts in of the school to the district and the county.
throughout the state. CJUHSD Same Category DataQuest is a dynamic system that provides
reports for school accountability (e.g., test
Beginning Teacher Salary 54,233 57,234
data, enrollment, high school graduates,
exPenDitureS Per StuDent Mid-Range Teacher Salary 98,704 95,467 dropouts, course enrollments, staffing and
For the 2021-22 school year, Chaffey Joint Highest Teacher Salary 128,532 122,669 data regarding English learners).
Union High School District spent an average Average Principal Salaries:
of $16,032 of total general funds to educate Elementary School 0 0
each student (based on 2021-22 audited California SChool DaShboarD
Middle School 0 153,476
financial statements). The table in this The California School Dashboard
High School 176,995 173,198
report 1) compares the school’s per pupil (Dashboard) www.caschooldashboard.
Superintendent Salary 292,978 277,572
expenditures from unrestricted (basic) and org/ reflects California’s new accountability
Percentage of Budget For:
restricted (supplemental) sources with other and continuous improvement system and
schools in the district and throughout the Teacher Salaries 34.06 31.17 provides information about how LEAs and
state, and 2) compares the average teacher Administrative Salaries 3.44 4.46 schools are meeting the needs of California’s
salary at the school site with average teacher For detailed information on salaries, see the CDE Certificated diverse student population. The Dashboard
salaries at the district and state levels. Salaries & Benefits Web page at http://www.cde.ca.gov/ds/fd/cs/. contains reports that display the performance
Detailed information regarding expenditures and salaries can be found at the CDE website at of LEAs, schools, and student groups on a
www.cde.ca.gov/ds/fd/ec/ and www.cde.ca.gov/ds/fd/cs/. (The figures shown in the table set of state and local measures to assist in
below reflect the direct cost of educational services, per ADA, excluding food services, facilities identifying strengths, challenges, and areas in
acquisition and construction, and certain other expenditures.) need of improvement.
Expenditures Per Pupil and School Site Teachers Salaries
2021-22
internet
nternet access is available at public libraries
Dollars Spent Per Student
and other locations that are publicly
accessible (e.g., the California State Library).
% Difference - State Average for
Access to the Internet at libraries and public
School and Districts of Same % Difference -
locations is generally provided on a first-
Expenditures Per Pupil CCDS CJUHSD District Size and Type School and State
come, first served basis. Other use restrictions
Total Restricted and Unrestricted 9,045 N/A N/A N/A N/A may include the hours of operation, the
Restricted (Supplemental) 8,107 N/A N/A N/A N/A length of time that a workstation may be
Unrestricted (Basic) 939 3,353 28.0% 7,607 44.1% used (depending on availability), the types of
Average Teacher Salary 138,219 111,414 N/A 97,850 N/A software programs available on a workstation
and the ability to print documents.
Note: Cells with N/A values do not require data.
In addition to general fund state funding, Chaffey Joint Union High School District receives state DiSCloSure
and federal categorical funding for special programs. For the 2021-22 school year, the district
The statistical information disclosed in
received federal, state, and local aid for the following categorical, special education, and support
this report is obtained from the California
programs:
Department of Education and the Chaffey
• A-G Completion Grant Joint Union High School School District. At
• American Rescue Plan – Homeless Children and Youth the time of publication, this report met all
• Career & Technical Education Programs SARC-related state and federal requirements,
• Career Technical Education Incentive Grant Program using the most current data available. Data to
• Child Nutrition: Food Service Staff Training Funds prepare the instructional materials sections
• Child Nutrition: Kitchen Infrastructure Upgrade Funds and the school facilities section was acquired
• COVID Relief Funding in October 2023.
• Education Protection Account
• Educator Effectiveness
• Lottery: Instructional Materials
• Mental Health-Related Services
• On-Behalf Pension Contributions
• Other Local: Locally Defined
• Other State: Locally Defined
• Special Education
• State COVID Relief Funding
• State Lottery
• Strong Workforce Program
• Title I, II, III, IV
Chaffey Community Day School 11 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
Chaffey Community Day School 12 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
