SCHOOL ACCOUNTABILITY
REPORT CARD FOR 2022-2023
Redding School of the Arts
Charter Authorizer: Columbia Elementary School District: Clay Ross
Superintendent : www.columbiasd.com : (530)223-1915
Basic Facts
 WASC Accredited
 Confucius Classroom
 California Green Rib-
bon School Award
 Charter school with a
focus on visual and
performing arts
 Mandarin Immersion
Dual Language pro-
gram (K–5th) Leveled
Mandarin classes (6th-
8th)
 K-8 offerings
 4th– 8th VAPA Elec-
tive Program & K-3rd
VAPA Enrichment
 Homeschool Program
(K-8)
 Grades served: K-10th
The Mission of RSA
The mission of Redding School of the Arts, where education
and the arts connect, is to educate students who have an interest
in visual and performing arts and cultivate their knowledge and
skills for the betterment of their local and global community.
Utilizing an inter-disciplinary, theme based approach, students
will learn to read, write, speak, problem solve, use technology
and sustainable practices.
RSA seeks to accomplish its goal of high academic and behavior-
al standards through a student centered, multicultural and multi-lingual environment with an em-
phasis on the arts. This charter school will enable students to become literate, self-motivated and
life-long learners who participate in the art of their community.
ADDRESS: 955 Inspiration Place, Redding, CA 96003
PHONE: (530)247-6933
WEBSITE: www.rsarts.org
DIRECTOR: Lane Carlson (lcarlson@rsarts.org)
CDS CODE: 45699480134122
Key Factor Our
School
Student enrollment 602
Number of full-time
equivalent teachers
Average number of
26
students per teacher
Our School Defined
In 2022-2023, Redding School of the Arts’ K-8 visual and per-
forming arts charter school in Northern California, expanded
it’s program into a small, early college high school serving
grades 9th and 10th. Although our High School emphasizes a
college and career model, RSA’s overall vision, Where Educa-
tion and the Arts Connect, is highlighted. RSA believes when it
comes to young minds, the arts enrich, expand and prepare
students to become vibrant, fully contributing members of
their communities and the larger society. Children engaged
in music and arts programs not only do better in other aca-
demic subjects than children not engaged in the arts, but also
have better attendance, increased self-esteem, and cooperate
more fully with teachers and peers. Additionally, Redding
School of the Arts is the only school in the far Northern Cali-
fornia region to offer a Mandarin immersion program for its
elementary grades. Our focus on language and cultural learn-
ing broadens our students life experiences and prepares then
for a bright future.
Major Achievements
 Annual School Musical – Moana:! The Disney Jr. classic came to life on the
stage of RSA’s outdoor amphitheater, as students presented "Moana" with all its
magic, music, fun and happy endings. Our musical provides audiences with a qual-
ity production, orchestrated all by middle school students. From the actors on stage,
to the Orffestra in the pit, and the crew running the sets, RSA students learn show
production from the inside out.
 RSA participated in the Division 1 (4th-6th) and Division 2 (7th & 8th) Shasta
County Spelling Bee competition. 1st and 2nd place schoolwide winners went on to
participate in the County competition. Our Division 2– 7th grader took 1st place in
the county competition and
represented Shasta County at the 2023 Cali-
fornia State Junior High Spelling Bee Cham-
pionship!
 11 RSA students competed in the Shasta
County Mathcounts competition and an RSA
8th grader placed 9th of 10 winners who
moved on to the state competition.
 4 RSA Students received awards from the
Shasta County Arts Council’s Juried Art
show. The show featured over 300 middle
school submissions from across the county.
 3 RSA Mandarin student performances were
selected (out of over 2000 works from 47
states) to be the representative works for 2022
National Chinese EXPO of Student Works.
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 2
Mandarin Immersion Program
Benefits of Learning
a second language at
Sixteen years ago RSA began a Mandarin Immersion program. Why Man-
an early age:
darin? Community surveys desired it and our US Government classifies
 Has a positive effect
Mandarin Chinese as a Category IV language - one of the most difficult
on intellectual
languages for native English speakers to learn. It is best learned in elemen-
growth and enriches
tary school. In addition, research
and enhances a
suggests that the more difficult the
child's mental devel-
language to learn, the greater the
opment
overall cognitive benefits.
 Leaves students with
Through the years RSA has devel-
more flexibility in
oped and maintained a relationship
thinking, greater
with a sister school in China. Our
sensitivity to
sister school is Shijiazhuang
language, and a bet-
Shengshichang’an Primary School.
ter ear for listening
This school is located in the prov-
 Improves a child's
ince of Hebei, China.
understanding of
RSA believes learning a second lan-
his/her native lan-
guage occurs best in a variety of
guage
settings and styles providing insight into one’s first language development.
 Gives a child the
Bilingual learning enhances intellectual development, basic skills, perfor-
ability to communi-
mance, and improves a child’s understanding of his or her native language
cate with people s/
as well as providing positive effects on memory, listening, and critical
he would otherwise
thinking skills. The goals of the Mandarin Immersion Program are to
not have the chance
achieve high levels of listening, speaking, reading, and writing proficiency
to know
in both English and Mandarin along with participation in Major Chinese
 Opens the door to
cultural festivals and events , such as Chinese
other cultures and
New Year and the Moon Festival. The im-
helps a child
mersion program is offered in grades K-5th.
understand and
In middle school, our students continue with
appreciate people
Mandarin studies as a period during their
from other countries
day.
 Gives a student a
head start in lan-
guage re-
quirements for col-
lege
 Increases job
opportunities in
many careers where
knowing another
language is a real
asset.
(Center for
Applied Linguistics)
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 3
Academics
While students attending RSA have a real interest in the arts, they also have specific and individual aca-
demic needs. Each year, RSA assesses students in academic disciplines and makes adjustments to class
structure to meet student need. For example, students who are not in the same grade level but exhibit
similar learning styles or academic aptitude may be placed together in a
homeroom. Another level of mathematics may be offered if enough stu-
dents show a need for it. In other words, students at RSA are not con-
strained by the traditional “grade level.” Instead, more emphasis is placed
on “learning levels” and meeting the needs of students as individuals.
One unique draw to RSA is its Theme Days. Theme Days was celebrated
by the entire school, K-10 along with parents and community members.
This year students were actively
engaged in culturally and his-
torically rich learning experienc-
es covering Eastern Hemisphere
– Africa, Asia and Early Europe-
an History. RSA has two
Theme Days during the school
year. In the Fall students
learned about different cultures
in Africa, completing crafts and science or social studies-
based activities, and playing games. We kicked off the day
with an all school assembly put on by our 3rd-5th grade stu-
dents titled, “The Legend of Stories, a Zulu Tale.” In the
Spring our Theme Day focused on the The Remarkable Re-
naissance Students started their day with an assembly
presentation, then they travel to classrooms, the playground
or the adjoining green belt to participate in various theme
based activities, games, arts, foods, crafts and general en-
richment.
The Arts
In addition to RSA’s academic curriculum, RSA is committed to providing students Visual and Per-
forming Arts education. Students in Kindergarten through third grade receive daily music classes.
RSA is the only elementary school in Shasta County to provide this daily instruction. Kindergarten
students also benefit from weekly art instruction. An “Exploration Wheel” exposes 1st through 3rd
graders to Visual Art, Dance and Tumbling twice weekly, changing focus
with each month. In grades 4th through 8th students benefit from alternating
daily music/art instruction. Through “hands-on” musical instruction using
the Orff instrument system and a piano lab, RSA students learn the basics of
music theory, cultural dance, folklore, storytelling, and develop performance
skills. RSA’s Visual Art Program focuses on the state strands and standards
using a wide variety of media and techniques, making connections with the
historical and cultural context of yearly themes. Students in grades 4th
through 8th also participate in RSA’s unique Elective Program, where stu-
dents are able to select one or two art rich classes for additional concentra-
tion. Elective classes in tumbling, basic dance, physical education, visual art,
choir, drama, guitar, violin and orchestra are available. These opportunities
are 45-50 minutes four times weekly.
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 4
Special Education
RSA utilizes professionals with specific credentials to provide the following services as needed: special-
ized academic instruction, speech and language therapy, psychological services, occupational therapy,
adaptive PE, nursing, School Counseling and access to a special day class. In addition, paraprofessionals
are utilized to work with students who are
struggling to meet particular needs.
RSA has been nationally recognized for its
innovative approach to special education. The
educational model focuses on identifying stu-
dents with exceptional needs as early as possi-
ble and meeting their educational needs in a
proactive, preventive fashion. The school’s
very design promotes seamless and incon-
spicuous direct services to children.
Thematic Learning
As a public school, RSA must teach the materials mandated by
the State Curriculum Standards for grades K-10. However, as a
charter school, RSA has the discretion to teach those materials in
innovative ways to increase student learning. RSA’s academic
instruction is
theme-based
and purposefully integrated across the curriculum.
This means that the curriculum in language arts,
social studies, science, art, music and math is inte-
grated to support learning across all disciplines.
Consequently when students are studying ancient
civilizations in social studies, their language arts
reading books and vocabulary/spelling words relate
to Rome, Greece and other ancient cultures. Like-
wise, their science will focus on physics, alchemy,
astronomy and such. Their studies in art and music
further support those themes.
RSA rotates through three Year-Long Themes that
include: (1) Africa, Asia and Early European Histo-
ry; (2) California and American History; and (3)
Ancient Civilizations.
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 5
Focus For Improvement
Academics
 Implement, monitor and review school LCAP Goals and manage
RSA’s In– Person Learning Plan
 Implement MTSS for student engagement & re-engagement focus on
learning loss mitigation and differentiated instruction in academic areas
 Continue involvement in the school community through a variety of
online art, performance, and academic based events and activities.
Local Control Accountability (LCAP) Goals/ In-Person Learning Plan
RSA’s LCAP was used during the year to address our schoolwide needs/goals and to monitor school
actions, services and expenditures to support positive student outcomes. RSA’s 2022-2023LCAP
Goals included:
LCAP Goal 1 and 2
Academic excellence for all students; improve student overall achievement and performance in
Math and ELA.
Overall NWEA score comparisons from Winter 2021 to winter 2022 shows an increase in students
scoring below the 21st percentile in both Math and ELA. This could be attributed to the general
learning loss experienced during the pandemic, as well as the addition of new teachers and curricu-
lum purchases. RSA will continue to address these goals in the 2023-2024 school year.
LCAP Goal #3
Provide opportunities for students to participate in their education, and engage in leadership ex-
periences that prepare them for the future.
Students participating in an Arts education or other high interest activities during the day encourages
students to attend school regularly. Local data shows that our Chronic absenteeism rate for the 2020
-21 school year will increase significantly and we anticipate a need to strengthen our student attend-
ance supervision practices. Research suggests that a well maintained school facility and an effective
School Climate Program will increase student engagement and sense of safety.
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 6
S tudent Enrollment and
Subgroups
Number of Stu-
Grade Level
dents
Kindergarten 70
Grade 1 65
Grade 2 66
Grade 3 62
Grade 4 66
Grade 5 59
Grade 6 51
Grade 7 46
Grade 8 55
Percent of Total
Ethnic Groups
Enrollment
Grade 9 23
Black or African American 1.3%
Grade 10 8
American Indian or Alaska 1.3%
Total Enrollment 602
Asian 5.6%
Filipino 0.3%
Hispanic or Latino 11.8%
Native Hawaiian or Pacific
0.0%
Islander
White 62.1%
Two or More Races 12.5%
State Identified Percent of Total
Sub-Group Enrollment
Female 60.00%
Male 40.00%
Non-Binary 0.00%
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 7
Student Enrollment and Subgroups Cont.
State Identified Sub- Percent of Total
Group Enrollment
Socioeconomically
30.70%
Disadvantaged
English Learners 2.80%
Students with Disa-
10.80%
bilities
Foster Youth 0.50%
Homeless 1.20%
Conditions for Learning
State Priority: Basic
The SARC provides the following information relevant to the State priority: Basic (Priority 1):
• Degree to which teachers are appropriately assigned and fully credentialed in the subject area and for the pupils
they are teaching;
• Pupils have access to standards-aligned instructional materials; and
• School facilities are maintained in good repair
Note: For more information refer to the Updated Teacher Equity Definitions web page at
https://www.cde.ca.gov/pd/ee/teacherequitydefinitions.asp
Teacher Preparation and Placement
Will populate data when received by the CDE
The data in the tables is based on Full Time Equivalent (FTE) status. One FTE equals one staff member
working full time; one FTE could also represent two staff members who each work 50 percent of full
time. Additionally, an assignment is defined as a position that an educator is assigned to based on set-
ting, subject, and grade level. An authorization is defined as the services that an educator is authorized
to provide to students.
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 8
Conditions for Learning Cont.
Teacher Preparation and Placement
The CDE published the first year of available teacher data for the 2020-21 SARC in June 2022, and the
CDE published the second year of data for the 2021-22 SARC in June 2023. The EC Section 33126(b)(5)
requires the most recent three years of teacher data to be requested in the SARC, as data is available.
The teacher data for the 2022-23 SARC will not be available prior to February 1, 2024, and therefore is not
included in the template
The data in the tables is based on Full Time Equivalent (FTE) status. One FTE equals one staff member
working full time; one FTE could also represent two staff members who each work 50 percent of full
time. Additionally, an assignment is defined as a position that an educator is assigned to based on set-
ting, subject, and grade level. An authorization is defined as the services that an educator is authorized
to provide to students.
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 9
The Learning Conditions cont.
Teachers Without Credentials and Misassignments (considered “ineffective” under ESSA)
Credentialed Teachers Assigned Out-of-Field (considered Out-of-Field under ESSA)
Class Assignments
2022-23 Quality, Currency, Availability of Textbooks and Instructional Materials
RSA uses a variety of instructional materials and resources to meet the academic needs of our students. In
Mathematics we use Go Math (K-5th) - adopted in 2020 and College Preparatory Math (CPM) - adopted in
2014 for Middle School. 9th/10th grade used Integrated Math. For Language Arts, RSA used the 2016 adopted
curriculum of Wonders (K-1st), and National Geographic’s (2nd -5th). In (6th-8th) we use
novels, Scholastic magazine, Newsela, Smithsonian and National Geographic. In History
we use Houghton-Mifflin History-Social Science and Glencoe Discovering Our Past,
adopted in 1999, supplemented with online programs, DBQs, Scholastic, Studies Weekly,
and National Geographic (2020). In Science we use a variety of NGSS aligned curricu-
lum/materials including Mystery Science/Safari Montage, and GEMS– adopted in 2020..
In addition, Interacts/Simulations/Experiments are used across the curriculum. One
hundred percent of students have access to the most recently adopted textbook and supple-
mental materials.
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 10
The Learning Conditions Cont.
Instructional Minutes
The instructional minutes for the students attending RSA exceed the requirements of the state in all
grades. This allows for an extensive academic instruction and enrichment of the visual and performing
arts for all students.
Professional Development Days and Minimum Days during the School Year
To facilitate staff development, safety trainings and department coordination, in 2021-2022 RSA imple-
mented Thirty-seven minimum days in which one week was dedicated to parent teacher conferences. The
school also provided 5 full days of staff in-service trainings. The main areas of focus for professional de-
velopment times included, Review of RSA Re-Opening plan, Professional Learning Community work, le-
gal & safety updates/trainings and time for staff collaboration. Goals of professional development are di-
rectly linked to the school’s LCAP. Staff Development days dedicated to
improvement for past three years:
School Facilities and Planned Improvements
RSA’s, state of the art, Platinum LEED Certified, cam-
pus was first occupied in September, 2011 and main-
tains an exemplary facility rating.
Cleanliness of the facility is the responsibility of the
Facilities department providing daily cleaning of all
interior spaces within the 77,000 square feet. In ac-
cordance with the school’s “green” philosophy, the
least hazardous chemicals are used during the cleaning process. RSA added 4 portables on the south side of the
school as temporary classrooms for our newly expanded 9th and 10th grades. A new building project for the
high school is in process and anticipated to be completed in the 2024-2025 school year.
Year and month in which the data was collected: 2024 January
Repair Needed and
System Inspected Action Taken or Planned
Good Fair Poor Action
Systems: Gas Leaks, Mechanical/HVAC, Sewer X N/A
Interior: Interior Surfaces X N/A
Cleanliness: Overall Cleanliness, Pest/ Vermin In-
X N/A
festation
Electrical: Electrical X N/A
Restrooms/Fountains: Restrooms, Sinks/ Foun-
X N/A
tains
Safety: Fire Safety, Hazardous Materials X N/A
Structural: Structural Damage, Roofs X N/A
External: Playground/School Grounds, Windows/
X N/A
Doors/Gates/Fences
Exemplary Good Fair Poor
Overall Rating
X
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 11
Pupil Outcomes: CAASPP Results in ELA, Math State (Priority 4) Pupil Achievement
Statewide assessments (i.e., California Assessment of Student Performance and Progress [CAASPP]
System includes the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessments for students in the general education
population and the California Alternate Assessments [CAA] for English language arts/literacy [ELA]
and mathematics given in grades three through eight and grade eleven. Only eligible students may par-
ticipate in the administration of the CAAs. CAA items are aligned with alternate achievement stand-
ards, which are linked with the Common Core State Standards [CCSS] for students with the most sig-
nificant cognitive disabilities).
The CAASPP System encompasses the following assessments and student participation require-
ments: 1. Smarter Balanced Summative Assessments and CAA for ELA in grades three through eight
and grade eleven. 2. Smarter Balanced Summative Assessments and CAA for mathematics in grades
three through eight and grade eleven. 3. California Science Test (CAST) and CAA for Science in
grades five, eight, and once in high school (i.e., grade ten, eleven, or twelve).
College and Career Ready: The percentage of students who have successfully completed courses that
satisfy the requirements for entrance to the University of California and the California State Universi-
Percentage of Students Meeting or Exceeding State Standard Schoolwide on CAASPP 2023
2023 Overall Comparison Data with Authorizing District (Columbia Elementary School District), County and the State.
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 12
Pupil Outcomes: CAASPP Test Results in ELA and Mathematics cont.
The Chart’s below show our school specific performance percentages for students meeting or exceed-
ing standards by grade level for ELA and Math. We do show comparison data with our Authorizing
District, the County and the State for students taking the CAASPP assessments in 2022-2023 school
year. These achievement results are reported to the board in Fall /Early Winter of 2023
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 13
Pupil Outcomes: CAASPP Test Results (Priority 4)
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 14
Pupil Outcomes: CAASPP Test Results in ELA, Mathematics
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 15
Pupil Outcomes: CAST California Science Test
The California Science Test (CAST) measures
what students know and can do using the Cali-
fornia Next Generation Science Standards (CA
NGSS), which focus on understanding the sci-
entific concepts found in the Earth and Space
Sciences, Life Sciences, and Physical Sciences.
These standards integrate Disciplinary Core
Ideas, Science and Engineering Practices, and
Crosscutting Concepts to help students under-
stand how science works in the natural world.
The purposes of the CAST are to assess student
knowledge and skills in science, to foster science
education at every grade level, to measure the
range and depth of the CA NGSS, and to pre-
pare students for college and careers.
The CAST is for eligible students in grades five
and eight and one time in high school (i.e., grade ten, eleven, or twelve). Comparison Data for
RSA, District, County and State are included below. Detailed information regarding the CAST
results for RSA in each grade and achievement standards can be found on the CDE CAASPP Re-
sults Web page at https://caaspp-elpac.cde.ca.gov/caaspp/
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 16
Pupil Outcomes: Local NWEA Test Results in ELA, Mathematics
High School Baseline Data for new 9th and 10th grade students (Math and Reading Results)
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 17
Pupil Outcomes: Local NWEA Test Results in ELA, Mathematics
As part of our LCAP goals to assure student
achievement and as a tool to monitor student
progress /needs assessments, Redding School
of the Arts administers a nationally normed
standardized test (NWEA) in the FALL and
Winter of the school year for Grades 2nd-8th.
In 2022-2023 we added NWEA data for our
9th and 10th grade students as a baseline
measure., as reported out on previous page.
We administer both Reading and Math as-
sessments. In the Tables below you will see
achievement over a three year period as re-
ported out to our governing board during the
school year.
LCAP GOAL MEASUREMENTS-WINTER TO WINTER COMPARISON OF DATA (RECAP FROM SPRING REPORTING)
LCAP Goal: Percentage of Students scoring below the 21st percentile will decrease by 1%
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 18
Pupil Outcomes: PFT Physical Fitness Testing
California Physical Fitness Test Results: (School Year 2022–23) Percentage of Students Participating
in each of the five Fitness Components
Physical education at RSA is a way to help the students develop lifelong habits and a healthy lifestyle.
The students exercise the freedom to use innovation to create PE activities that blend traditional
games with student and teacher driven ideas. We also learn and play traditional sports like basketball,
volleyball, flag football, etc. When students leave RSA they have the tools and skills for participat-
ing in High School physical education and maintaining an active way of life.
The administration of the PFT during 2021–22 and 2022–23 school years, only participation results are required
for these five fitness areas. .
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 19
Pupil Outcomes: Course Enrollment/Completion of University of California
(UC) and/or California State University (CSU) Admission Requirements
Redding School of the Arts high school expan-
sion offers an Early College Mod-
el. In 2022-2023 school year launch
of 9th and 10th grade students,
100% of our high school students
are enrolled in A-G approved
courses. We have not had a senior
class at RSA and do not have any
completion data for UC/CSU Ad-
mission Requirements. Our first
class will graduate in the Spring of
2025.
Engagement State Priority 5: Pupil
Engagement
** The 2022-2023 was Redding School of the Arts
first year expanding into High School with grades
9 and 10. Since we had no Four-Year Cohort We
have no data for:
 High School Dropout Rates
 High School Graduation Rates
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 20
Pupil Outcomes State Priority 5- Career Technical Education Programs and
Participation
Redding School of the Arts High
School’s Career Technical Educa-
tion Program for the 2022-2023
school year and future develop-
ment:
In 2022-2023 school year Redding
School of the Arts High School
made preparations to launch its
CTE program beginning with two
pathways. This year, we had one
teacher with her Designated Sub-
jects Credential, teaching a Foun-
dational Theater Arts class as part
of our Theater Performance Path-
way. We also enrolled two more
teachers in a CTE program who
obtained their Designated Sub-
jects Credentials in Summer 2023.
In the Fall of 2023, we will have
two active pathways, Theater Performance and Dance Performance, with plans to add additional Arts,
Media and Entertainment pathways as our enrollment grows.
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 21
Engagement State Priority 3: Parent Involvement
2021-2022 Opportunities for Parental Involvement
Parents can become involved in school activities and contribute to
the decision making of the school in a variety of ways. RSA be-
lieves a major factor in the success of students is the involvement
that a significant adult has in their school life. All families are
encouraged to serve at least 40 hours of volunteer time per school
year. The parent volunteer time is an opportunity to provide en-
riched experiences for our students. Volunteer activities include:
classroom volunteering, organizing and prepping classroom work
at home, being an art docent in the classroom, theme day organiz-
ing and participation, theme days, maintaining the library, run-
ning snack cart, coordinating fund raisers, coordinating extra-
curricular clubs
and many more.
Parent volunteer
opportunities are
brought to the parent’s attention by the monthly news-
letter posted on the webpage and sent out via e-mail
and phone messaging. In addition, teachers reach out
to parents via their teacher webpage or through e-mail
regarding volunteer opportunities at the school or in
their classrooms.
Parent involvement opportunities are also made avail-
able through parent run committees which interface
directly with RSA teachers and staff. The Foundation
for Promoting Arts Education, (FPAE) a 501c(3) [as of
2016 FPAE is DBA Performing Arts Now (PAN)] is
one such group, which raises money to enhance the
visual and performing arts and overall education for
RSA along with raising money for the children’s theater building project. For more information about
this parent group see this link: www.promotingartsnow.org
The organization working with and toward the goal of FPAE is the Parent
Teacher Council (PTC). The PTC works to promote community within the
school through events such as the Back to School Picnic, First Day of School
Social, Scholarships for student trips, Funding of Character Counts Awards,
Kindergarten Round Up, End of the Year Celebration at Redding Aquatic Cen-
ter/Waterworks Park and Teacher Appreciation Week. In addition, PTC raised
over $60,000 for the 2022-2023 year through various fundraisers like the Annual
Dinner Auction, Fall Jog-a-thon/Fox Trot, and on some occasions a Read-Thon.
PTC has established officers, committee bylaws, volunteer opportunities, and conducts monthly
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 22
2021-2022 Opportunities for Parental Involvement-Cont.
meetings. You can reach this group at:
http://www.rsarts.org/parent_pages/p_t_c_-_parent_teacher_club .
Another significant parent group is Theater Booster Club (TBC).
This parent group supports the annual spring musical. Parents and
community members work with RSA staff to sew or secure cos-
tumes, help construct set pieces, work alongside students to run the
back stage activities during performances, promote the musical in
the community, work ticket sales, concession sales, and more. TBC
has established officers and committees that conduct monthly
meetings. You can reach this group at:
https://www.rsarts.org/parent_pages/t_b_c_-_theater_booster_club
Lastly, parents also assist on curriculum and committees such as
School Site Safety committee, Adoptions and/or reviews of new
curriculum, LCAP review and implementation, Governing Board
and Finance Committee. RSA encourages and appreciates the in-
put from our parents.
Engagement- School Climate: State Priority 6
The SARC provides the following information relevant to the State priority: School Climate
(Priority 6)
• Pupil suspension rates;
• Expulsion rates; and
• Other local measures on the sense of safety
2022-2023 Chronic Absenteeism Data : This report displays the annual K–12 public school Chronic
Absenteeism Rate for RSA. Students are determined to be chronically absent if they were eligible to be
considered chronically absent at the selected level during the academic year and they were absent for 10%
or more of the days they were expected to attend.
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 23
Engagement- School Climate: State Priority 6
Suspensions/Expulsions
Suspension and Expulsion data is collected between July through June, each full school year re-
spectively. RSA suspension rate for 2021-2022 was .16 percent. There were no expulsions at the
school during the 2022-2023 school year.
School Safety Plan
RSA meets regularly with the School Site Safety Team to review site safety concerns. Monthly Fire
drills, and The Great Shakeout Drill were planned and executed. A
check of facilities and playground occurred monthly with concerns be-
ing addressed immediately. The committee worked very closely with
administration and our Safe School Plan committee to finalize our fi-
nal Comprehensive Safe School Plan with REMS (Readiness & Emer-
gency Management System). The Plan was presented to the governing
board in February of 2023. In addition, a Safety Committee Team
Member presented notes from each safety
meeting to the board or other pertinent
stakeholder groups.
Positive School Climate and Behavior Plan
RSA continued the implementation of a
uniform positive school climate program at
RSA. The program has two main compo-
nents: A Behavior Management system adapted from the No Excuses
University philosophy of an explicit management plan where staff members, students and parents all
share in the responsibility for good student behavior on campus; and a character education module that
focuses on the six pillars of character and a code of expected conduct for staff, students, and parents
based on these pillars. All staff members were trained in the implementation of the program and con-
tinue to participate in the positive school climate pro-
gram for the betterment of student behavior at
school. RSA maintains high behavioral standards
based on the six pillars of character: trustworthiness,
respect, responsibility, fairness, caring and citizen-
ship. Students are expected to exhibit behaviors re-
flective of these six tenets in all school-related facili-
ties and activities. Along with the Positive School
Climate program, RSA continues to utilize the board
approved disciplinary policies and practices which
emphasize natural consequences for student actions.
The plan includes levels of classroom and adminis-
trative consequences dependent upon the infraction.
These disciplinary practices were included in the
Family Handbook which is reviewed and revised annually.
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 24
School Climate & Engagement Cont.
School Climate Survey (Students) & Annual Parent Survey
During the 2022-2023 school year RSA utilized Parent Surveys, and a student survey for all 4th-8th
graders. These surveys helped us to engage parents in real time on the schooling options available
during the year , and to provide feedback
on school programs, academics, communi-
cation and school safety. The Student sur-
vey helped us to gauge student engagement
and mental health status as well as provide
feedback on safety, educational programs,
and connectedness to school. Both surveys
measured student participation in VAPA
activities after school, cultural events, in-
tramural sports/camps, student council,
educational field trips, and/or participation
in VAPA or academic competitions. Stake-
holder engagement was measured by Par-
ent, Student, and staff surveys as well as
participation in family events such as Back
to School night, parent conferences, and
participation in performances/school
clubs. The school also participated in a
county grant to implement a Social-
Emotional Learning (SEL) survey and
curriculum using KELVIN. High-
lights of the Surveys:: Parents survey
include 122 responses from approxi-
mately 378 family groups. 97% of
Parents reported that they agreed or
strongly agreed that
RSA provides a safe
and healthy environ-
ment for their child
at school.
Connectedness at
school for students
grade 4th – 8th:
90.6% of students
feel their teacher cares about them. 82.7% of students feel
like they belong in their classroom and school community.
92.2% students in grades 4th – 8th feel safe at school.
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 25
Other SARC Information Cont.
Average Class Sizes: In our academic core classes, RSA maintains Average class sizes of 26:1 in K-3rd
grades, and 30:1 in 4th –8th grades. Our enrichment, arts, non academic (such as PE) or elective clas-
ses which are taken during a period of the day may include a larger number students. The Table in-
cludes the number of classes by grade level, and class size in three groups (1-20 students, 21-32 stu-
dents, and 33 or more students).
Student Support Services Staff w/ Academic Counselor Info:
In 2022-2023 the table below displays the number of FTE support staff assigned to this school.
One full time Equivalent (FTE equals one staff member working full time; one FTE could also
represent two staff members who each work 50 percent of full time.
Number of
Title FTE* As-
signed to
School
Ratio Pupil to Academic Counselor 301
Counselor (Academic, Social/Behavioral or 2.0
Career)
Library Media Teacher (librarian) .50
Library Media Services Staff N/A
(paraprofessional)
Psychologist .80
Social Worker N/A
Nurse .40
Speech/Language/Hearing Specialist .80
Resource Specialist (non-teaching) 2.0
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 26
Other SARC Information Cont.
YMCA After School Care Program (Additional Student Support Services)
RSA offers an after school program 5 days a week. The program is available 1:15-6:00pm. There is a
fee for the after school program in which parents prepay for after school daycare for their children.
A free daily snack is provided for all the after school students. The program is staffed according to
the demand and number of families uti-
lizing the program which can change
throughout the school year. The pro-
gram provides help with homework and
academic needs in small group settings.
Also, various activities are provided
such as: art, crafts, games, sports, and
outside play. Another incentive and
convenience for parents with students
in after school care is the staff accompa-
ny students to their on-campus extra-
curricular activities that their parents
have paid for such as strings, dance,
guitar lessons, singing lessons and
more.
2021-2022 Expenditures Per Pupil and
School Site Teacher Salaries:
The table below displays the 2019-20 expenditures per pupil and average teach salary for this
school. Cells with N/A values do not require data.
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 27
Other SARC Information Cont.
Expenditures Per Pupil and School Site Teacher Salaries: For Fiscal Year 2021–22, the assessment of
estimated expenditures per pupil shall reflect the actual salaries of personnel assigned to the school site.
The assessment of estimated expenditures per pupil shall be reported in total, shall be reported in subto-
tal by restricted and unrestricted source, and shall include a reporting of the average of actual salaries
paid to certificated instructional personnel at that school site.
Restricted source means money whose use is restricted by legal requirement or by the donor. Examples
include, but are not limited to, instructional materials, economic impact aid, and teacher and principal
training funds.
Unrestricted source means money that can be used for any lawful purpose, whose use is not restricted
by legal requirement or by the donor. Examples include, but are not limited to, class size reduction, state
lottery (not the instructional materials portion), and undesignated local parcel tax funds.
Fiscal Year 2022-23 Types of Services
Funded Using 2022–23 fiscal year data, the descrip-
tion of the programs and services that are provided at
the school through all fund sources.:
 Title I (Basic Grant)
 Title II (Professional Development)
 Class Size Reduction (CSR)
 School Improvement Program (SIP)
 Special Day Class
 Resource Specialist Program
 SDC Program
 Robotics STEM
 Band/Music
Redding School of the Arts School Accountability Report Card 2022-2023 28
Other SARC Information Cont.
This table displays the 2021-22 Teacher and Administrative salaries. For detailed information on salaries,
see the CDE Certification Salaries & Benefits web page at http://www.cde.ca.gov/ds/fd/cs/.
