Accredited by the Western AssociAtion of schools And colleges
R
enaissance
H s
igH cHool
Service Learning Academy
325 North Palm Avenue • Santa Paula, CA 93060 • (805) 525-4407 • Grades 9-12
Lydia Olivo, Ed.D., Principal
SS AA RR cc
cchhooooll ccccoouunnttAAbbiilliittyy eeppooRRtt AARRdd
A RepoRt of 2022-23 Activity publiShed in 2023-24
Santa Paula Unified
Principal’s Message District Vision &
School District
Renaissance High School (RHS) is a unique, alternative high Mission
201 S. Steckel Drive
school that serves students in 11th and 12th grades. We are
one of two high schools in the Santa Paula Unified School Santa Paula, CA 93060
District, and the majority of our students transfer from Santa Vision: (805) 933-8800
Paula High School. In the past, RHS has been recognized as Committed to serving every student every day. www.santapaulaunified.org
a California Model Continuation School, and we are working
hard to be recognized again in the future.
Mission:
As the principal of Renaissance, I am committed to ensuring Board of Trustees
students have opportunities to grow as young adults on the The Santa Paula Unified School District, in collaboration with Mrs. Gabriela Ornelas, President
educators, parents, and the community, will prepare all students
verge of completing their academic career. Students can Mrs. Anna Villicana-Arroyo, Vice President
academically, socially, and emotionally for college, careers, global
expect to see and interact with me daily. Parents can expect Mr. Tommy Frutos, Clerk
citizenship, leadership, and lifelong learning. The district will
that I will be available to meet and talk with them in a timely use its resources to provide all students with diverse, equitable, Dr. Daniel Sandoval, Member
manner and staff can expect my guidance and support
differentiated experiences, and learning opportunities by a Mr. Chris Wilson, Member
throughout the year.
highly skilled educational team in a safe and supportive learning
The Renaissance team consists of fifteen staff members environment while remaining fiscally responsible.
who are dedicated to supporting each students’ academic, District Administration
Renaissance High School
behavior and social-emotional needs. We will strive to inspire Mr. Jeffrey Weinstein
our students to identify and reach their personal goals while During the 2022-23 school year, Renaissance High served 121 Superintendent
building strong, lasting relationships. In a small school students in grades 9-12, with over 200 students total attending
environment, students will have the opportunity to recover the school at some point during the year. Student enrollment
credits and return to the comprehensive high school or stay included 30.6% qualifying for English Learner support, 91.7% Mr. Kevin Olson
and graduate from RHS with a team of adults cheering for enrolled in the Free or Reduced Price Meal program, 4.1% Assistant Superintendent
them every step of the way. students with disabilities, and 9.1% homeless youth. Business Services
Our motto for this school year is Renaissance High School: All school staff at Renaissance High School (RHS) place a
Dr. Edd C. Bond
Where Second Chances Lead to Success. Our school staff strong emphasis on maintaining a positive and safe learning
will partner with RHS families to build upon past practices of environment. Our main focus is to provide students with an Deputy Superintendent
ensuring student success in a safe learning environment. We engaging, rigorous educational program as they earn credits in Human Resources & Employee Development
have adopted our school focus and are now Renaissance High an accelerated manner. Individualized instruction with frequent
School Academy of Service Learning. As a Service Learning one-on-one support ensures that the needs of every student are Dr. David Moore
Academy, we will work to make our community better through met. In addition to academic success, we emphasize mutual Associate Superintendent
project based learning activities. Parents and guardians are respect between students and staff. Expectations for student Educational Services
encouraged to become an active part of your child’s education behavior are shared with them on multiple occasions and
and lean on the RHS team as partners. Go Knights! reiterated as needed. When appropriate, there are opportunities
Dr. Gina Ramirez
for Other Means of Correction, in lieu of suspension, if school
rules are not followed. Parents can rest assured that the RHS Assistant Superintendent
staff is dedicated to ensuring students are respected, safe and EL Services & Community Engagement
District & School know that each day is a new start for great choices.
Ms. Cynthia Carrillo
Description School Mission Statement Executive Director
It is the mission of Renaissance High School to provide all Classified Human Resources
Santa Paula Unified School students an opportunity to Rewrite their Narrative by focusing on
their education, career, and personal goals. The individualized
District
learning program concentrates on significantly raising student Contents
Santa Paula Unified School District is located in the city achievement and ensuring that all students have the opportunity Principal’s Message
of Santa Paula, a small historical community serving to make up credits, earn a high school diploma, have the District & School Description
approximately 30,000 residents within a 4.6 square-mile opportunity to be college and career ready and prepare to be a Local Control Accountability Plan (LCAP)
r S a a d n iu ta s P su a r u ro la u n C d it e y d i s b y a p ro p l r li o n x g im h a ill t s e , l y a v 6 o 5 c a m d il o e , s a n n o d r t c h i w tru e s s t g o ro f v L e o s s . productive civic-minded citizen in a global economy. Parent Involvement
Angeles and 14 miles east of Ventura. Santa Paula Unified Student Achievement
School District operates six elementary schools, one middle School Facilities & Safety
school, one comprehensive high school and one continuation Classroom Environment
high school all nestled against the city’s foothills. During the Curriculum & Instruction
2022-23 school year, the District served 4,853 students in Professional Staff
grades TK-12. The demographic composition of the student
SARC Data & Internet Access
body included 17.5% students identified with a disability, 34.1%
District Expenditures
qualifying for English learner support, 77.9% enrolled in the
Free or Reduced Price Meal program, 0.6% migrant, 0.1%
foster youth, and 7.1% homeless youth. The statistical information disclosed in this report is
obtained from the California Department of Education
and the Santa Paula Unified School District. At the time
of publishing, this report met all SARC-related state
and federal requirements, using the most current data
available. Information for the instructional materials
section and for the facilities section was acquired in
November 2023.
Renaissance High School 1 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
Parent Involvement Student Achievement
Student Enrollment by
Student Group and Grade Level Parents are encouraged to get involved in Renaissance
2022-23 High School’s learning community by volunteering their time, California Assessment of
% of Total attending school events, or sharing in the decision-making Student Performance and
process on a school committee. Opportunities for parent
Student Group Enrollment Grade Level # involvement are as follows: Progress (CAASPP)
Female 37.2% Grade 9 0 The California Assessment of Student Performance and
Male 62.8% G G r r a a d d e e 1 1 0 1 4 1 0 • • B P a a c re k n t t o U S n c iv h e o r o s l i t N y i C gh la t sses P S r u o m g m re a s t s iv e (C A A s A s S e P ss P m ) e S n y ts s te (S m B A in C c ) l u f d o e r s st t u h d e e n S t m s a in rt e t r h e B a g l e a n n e ce ra d l
Non-Binary 0.0% Grade 12 80 • School-wide Event Participation education population, and the California Alternate Assessments
• Attendance Meetings (CAAs) for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities.
American Indian or 0.0% • Financial Aid Parent Nights Only eligible students may participate in the administration of the
Alaskan Native • English Learner Advisory Committee (ELAC) CAAs. CAAs items are aligned with alternative achievement
Asian 0.0% • District Advisory Committee (DAC) standards, which are linked with the Common Core State
• District English Learner Advisory Committee Standards (CCSS). CAASPP results are a measure of how
Black or African • School Site Council well students are mastering California’s standards in English
0.0%
American Parents seeking more information about becoming an active language arts/literacy (ELA) and mathematics, and are given to
Filipino 0.0% member in the school community may contact the school office grades three through eight and grade eleven. SBAC tests assess
staff at (805) 525-4407. student performance in ELA/Literacy and mathematics utilizing
Hispanic or Latino 95.9% computer-adaptive tests and performance tasks, and CAAs test
Native Hawaiian or School News items are aligned with alternative achievement standards which
0.0% are linked with the Common Core State Standards (CCSS).
Pacific Islander The connection between Renaissance High School (RHS),
Two or More Races 0.8% students and parents is critical to the success of each student. The CAASPP results shown in this report include overall results
School-to-home communication is provided in both English
comparing the school, district and state scores as well as the
White 3.3% and Spanish. Important information about school activities,
school’s overall score in each applicable subgroup. Results
schedules, curriculum, graduation requirements, committee
English Learners 30.6% are shown only for subgroups with ten students or more taking
meetings, and announcements are available in the quarterly
the exam. For those categories that are blank in the tables, no
Foster Youth 0.0% school newsletter. RHS utilizes social media platforms,
students met subgroup criteria. More information on CAASPP
Parent Square, our school website & calendar and flyers to
Homeless 9.1% can be found on CDE’s website www.cde.ca.gov/ta/tg/ca/.
communicate important information to students and families.
Migrant 0.0% When necessary, the principal, counselor and/or outreach
District Benchmark
specialist will visit students’ homes to share or discuss important
Socioeconomically
91.7% information. Progress reports and report cards are mailed to Assessments
Disadvantaged Total Enrollment
students’ homes at least once each quarter. The Santa Paula Santa Paula Unified School District utilizes districtwide diagnostic
Students with 4.1% 121 Times and The Ventura County Star are occasionally used for benchmark assessments that are aligned to the Common Core
Disabilities special announcements to the community. State Standards. These assessments will be used to evaluate
Local Control
California Assessment of Student Performance and Progress Test Results in Science
Accountability Plan
All Students
(LCAP)
Percentage of Students Meeting or Exceeding the State Standards
As part of the Local Control Funding Formula, school districts
are required to develop, adopt, and annually update a three-year RHS SPUSD CA
Local Control and Accountability Plan (LCAP). 21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23
The SARC provides the following information relevant to the Science (Grades 5, 8, & 10) 2 0.88 14.33 14.59 29.47 30.29
State priority: Basic (Priority 1) Note: Science test results include the CAST and the CAA for Science. The “Percent Met or Exceeded” is calculated by taking the total
• Degree to which teachers are appropriated assigned and number of students who met or exceeded the standard on the CAST plus the total number of students who met the standard (i.e.,
fully credentialed in the subject area and for the pupils they achieved Level 3-Alternate) on the CAA for Science divided by the total number of students who participated in a science assessment.
are teaching;
• School facilities are maintained in good repair
Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this
The SARC provides the following information relevant to the
category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
State priority: Pupil Achievement (Priority 4)
• Statewide assessments (i.e., California Assessment of
The number of students tested includes all students who participated in the test whether they received a score or not; however, the
Student Performance and Progress (CAASPP) System,
which includes the Smarter Balanced Summative number of students tested is not the number that was used to calculate the achievement level percentages. The achievement level
Assessments for students in the general education percentages are calculated using only students who receive scores.
population and the California Alternate Assessments (CAAs)
for English language arts/literacy (ELA) and mathematics CAASPP Test Results in Science by Student Group (Grades 5, 8, & High School)
given in grades three through eight and grade eleven. Only
eligible students may participate in the administration of the 2022-23
CAAs. CAAs items are aligned with alternative achievement
standards, which are linked with the Common Core State Total Number Percent Percent Not Percent Met or
Enrollment Tested Tested Tested Exceeded
Standards (CCSS) for students with the most significant
cognitive disabilities); and
All Students Tested 117 115 98.29 1.71 0.88
• The percentage of students who have successfully
Female 41 40 97.56 2.44 2.5
completed courses that satisfy the requirements for
entrance to the University of California and the California Male 76 75 98.68 1.32 0
State University, or career technical sequences or programs American Indian or Alaskan Native
of student. Asian
The SARC provides the following information relevant to the Black or African American
State priority: Other Pupil Outcomes (Priority 8) Filipino
• Pupil outcomes in the subject area of physical education Hispanic or Latino 115 113 98.26 1.74 0.89
The SARC provides the following information relevant to the Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
State priority: Parental Involvement (Priority 3) Two or More Races
• Efforts the school district makes to seek parent input in White -- -- -- -- --
making decisions for the school district and each school site English Learners 34 33 97.06 2.94 0
The SARC provides the following information relevant to the Foster Youth
State priority: Pupil Engagement (Priority 5) Homeless 14 14 100 0 0
• High school dropout rates; and Military
• High school graduation rates Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 107 105 98.13 1.87 0.96
The SARC provides the following information relevant to the
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services
State priority: School Climate (Priority 6)
Students with Disabilities -- -- -- -- --
• Pupil suspension rates;
• Pupil expulsion rates; and Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or less, either because the number of students in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or
• Other local measures on the sense of safety to protect student privacy.
Renaissance High School 2 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
instructional programs and measure student proficiency of visitors are required to check in at the school office upon arrival, 2022-23 Campus Improvements:
all students in math and language arts. Test results will be obtain and wear a visitor’s badge, and then return to the school • Installation of VAPE sensors in boys/girls RR
used to 1) help teachers identify areas where instruction may office upon departure. The principal, campus security officer, • Installation of additional surveillance cameras
or may not be effective, 2) analyze and readjust curriculum outreach specialist and administrative assistant carry hand-held • Painting of mural
maps, 3) identify concepts that need to be retaught in the radios at all times to quickly facilitate routine and emergency • Modernize one classroom to become eSports complex
classroom, 4) plan in-class lessons, and 5) identify students communications. The principal and campus security collaborate • Installation of new carpeting in all classrooms
who need targeted academic assistance or intervention. with the district’s School Resource Officer (SRO) to build a • Installation of additional signage throughout the campus
relationship between law enforcement and our students.
School Facilities & 2023-24 Planned Campus Improvements:
School Site Safety Plan • Installation of air conditioning at the snack bar
Safety The Comprehensive School Site Safety Plan was developed for • Construction of two new offices at the admin building
Renaissance High School in collaboration with local agencies
Facilities Profile and the district office to fulfill Senate Bill 187 requirements. District custodians work closely as a team and with the principal
Renaissance High provides a safe, clean environment for Components of this plan include child abuse reporting for routine maintenance, daily custodial duties, and special
learning through proper facilities maintenance and campus procedures, teacher notification of dangerous pupil procedures, events preparations. The principal and campus security officer
supervision. Original school buildings were constructed in disaster response procedures, procedures for safe arrival and check restrooms frequently as a proactive measure in keeping
1988; ongoing maintenance ensures school facilities are kept departure from school, sexual harassment policy, dress code facilities fully stocked, safe, and sanitary. School safety and
safe and in good working condition, and continue to provide policy, and bully prevention policy. The school’s most current cleanliness are the custodians’ highest priority and strongly
adequate space for students and staff. safety plan was reviewed, updated and shared with school staff emphasized as a component of their daily routines. Custodians
in Fall 2023. are trained by M&O’s administrators on proper cleaning
Supervision & Safety
Renaissance High School staff places a high priority in Facilities Maintenance m cu e s t t h o o d d ia s n , s u a s r e e o re f s c p h o e n m si i b c l a e l s fo , r a c n le d a u n s in e g o cl f a e ss q r u o ip o m m e s, n r t e . s E tr v o e o n m in s g ,
maintaining a safe and secure campus at all times. Teachers, School custodial staff and the district’s maintenance department and office areas. Groundskeepers are dispatched by the district
the principal, counselor, outreach coordinator, and campus work together to ensure classrooms and campus grounds are office to perform general maintenance of landscaping and other
security officer monitor student activities each morning well-maintained and kept safe and functioning for students, routine grounds maintenance.
as students arrive, during lunch, and after school when staff, and visitors. Maintenance and Operations (M&O) employs
students are dismissed. Additional security cameras and an electronic work order system enabling school staff to Campus Description
vape sensors have been installed throughout the campus to communicate unscheduled maintenance needs, urgent repairs,
ensure adequate supervision. The campus security officer or special projects. Renaissance High School’s repairs and Year Built 1988
and on occasion the School Resource Officer (SRO) circulate maintenance projects are performed by the district’s M&O staff.
throughout the campus while classes are in session. Many Emergency situations are given high priority and immediately Bldg. Square Footage 8400
individuals visit the campus as volunteers or to participate in resolved. The following campus repair or improvement projects Quantity
school events. To maintain a safe and secure environment, all were planned (or completed) for the school site:
# of Permanent Classrooms 0
# of Portable Classrooms 5
California Assessment of Student Performance and Progress
Test Results in English Language Arts/Literacy (ELA) and Mathematics in Grade Eleven # of Restrooms (student use) 1 set
Media Center 1
Percentage of Students Meeting or Exceeding the State Standards
School Inspections
RHS SPUSD CA
Renaissance High coordinates with M&O for completion of
21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23 21-22 22-23
larger projects, routine facilities maintenance projects, and
English-Language Arts/Literacy 5 4 30 29 47 46 school inspections. The most recent facilities inspection at
Mathematics 4 0 16 18 33 34 Renaissance High took place on October 25, 2023. Schools are
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this category required by state law to report the condition of their facilities;
is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy. the School Site Inspection table illustrated in this report
identifies the state-required inspection areas and discloses the
ELA and mathematics test results include the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessments and the CAA. The “Percent Met or Exceeded” is operational status in each of those areas. During the 2022-23
calculated by taking the total number of students who met or exceeded the standard on the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessment plus the school year, 100% of restrooms were fully operational and
total number of students who met the standard (i.e., achieved Level 3-Alternate) on the CAA divided by the total number of students who available to students at all times.
participated in both assessments.
CAASPP Test Results in ELA & Mathematics by Student Group (Grades 3-8 & High School)
2022-23
English Language Arts/Literacy Mathematics
Percent Not Percent Met Percent Not Percent Met
Total Enrollment Number Tested Percent Tested Total Enrollment Number Tested Percent Tested
Tested or Exceeded Tested or Exceeded
All Students Tested 48 47 97.92 2.08 4.26 48 46 95.83 4.17 0
Female 14 14 100 0 7.14 14 14 100 0 0
Male 34 33 97.06 2.94 3.03 34 32 94.12 5.88 0
American Indian or Alaskan Native
Asian
Black or African American
Filipino
Hispanic or Latino 46 45 97.83 2.17 4.44 46 45 97.83 2.17 0
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
Two or More Races
White -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
English Learners 15 14 93.33 6.67 0 15 13 86.67 13.33 0
Foster Youth
Homeless -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Military
Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 43 42 97.67 2.33 4.76 43 41 95.35 4.65 0
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services
Students with Disabilities -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
ELA and mathematics test results include the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessments and the CAA. The “Percent Met or Exceeded” is calculated by taking the total number of students who met or exceeded the standard on the Smarter Balanced Summative Assessment plus the total
number of students who met the standard (i.e., achieved Level 3-Alternate) on the CAA divided by the total number of students who participated in both assessments.
Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
The number of students tested includes all students who participated in the test whether they received a score or not; however, the number of students tested is not the number that was used to calculate the achievement level percentages. The achievement level percentages are calculated
using only students who received scores.
Renaissance High School 3 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
Classroom Environment
Discipline & Climate for Item Inspected
Inspection Date:
Learning
Renaissance High School takes a proactive approach to October 25, 2023
minimizing classroom disruptions and maintaining a safe learning
environment. Positive behavior is reinforced daily. Teachers
and support staff are specially trained to observe, identify, and
prevent behaviors that may interrupt lessons and learning time.
Dress code policies are consistently and strictly enforced.
School rules, dress code policies, academic expectations,
and consequences for poor conduct are clearly explained
upon enrollment and provided in the district’s Annual Notice to
Parents/Guardians. Teachers have adopted individual classroom
management policies that support and are consistent with
schoolwide rules.
Each student and their parents are provided with a printed copy
of school discipline policies and the conduct code which includes
an acknowledgement form. Each student and their parent(s)
are required to sign and return the acknowledgement form to
confirm receipt of school rules and policies. At the beginning
and throughout the school year, the principal visits each class
to clearly explain behavioral expectations and consequences
for such behaviors. New students and their parents are invited
to a mandatory evening orientation to learn about behavior and
academic expectations and the resources that are available. All
school staff remind students to conduct themselves in a safe,
respectful, and responsible manner. On occasion, teachers revisit
school rules and behavior expectations in classroom discussions, Chronic Absenteeism by Student Group (2022-23)
and classrooms are visited by the outreach consultant and Chronic
Chronic Chronic
security guards. Cumulative Absenteeism
Student Group Absenteeism Absenteeism
Enrollment Eligible
Representatives from local community and youth organizations Count Rate
Enrollment
visit Renaissance High School students throughout the school
year. All Students 141 137 68 49.6
Female 51 49 27 55.1
Class Sizes & Teaching Loads Male 90 88 41 46.6
The Teaching Load Distribution table in this report illustrates the American Indian or Alaska Native
distribution of class sizes by subject area, the average class size,
and the number of classes that contain 1-22 students, 23-32 Asian
students, and 33 or more students. Black or African American
Filipino
Hispanic or Latino 136 132 65 49.2
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
Two or More Races 1 1 1 100
White 4 4 2 50
English Learners 43 42 21 50
Foster Youth
Homeless 16 16 15 93.8
Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 126 124 63 50.8
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services 2 2 0 0
Students with Disabilities 9 9 5 55.6
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this
category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
Renaissance High School 4 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
dooG riaF rooP
School Facility Good Repair Status
Repair Status
Repair Needed and
Action Taken or Planned
Systems 
Interior Surfaces 
Cleanliness 
Electrical 
Restrooms/Fountains 
Safety 
Structural 
External 
Overall Summary of School Facility Good Repair Status
Exemplary Good Fair Poor
Overall Summary 
Percentage Description Rating:
Exemplary: The school meets most or all standards of good repair. Deficiencies noted, if any, are not significant and/or impact a very
small area of the school.
Average Class Size and
Class Size Distribution
2020-21
Average Number of Classes*
Subject Class Size 1-22 23-32 33+
English 25.0 1 5
Math 17.0 6
Science 15.0 5
Social Science 25.0 1 4
2021-22
English 23.0 2 4 1
Math 16.0 6 2
Science 19.0 2 2
Social Science 31.0 4 1 Community Service Chronic Absenteeism
2022-23
Renaissance High has increased its efforts to provide The chart in this report identifies the chronic absenteeism rates
English 29.0 2 4 opportunities for its students to get involved in community by student group for Renaissance High School for the 2022-
Math 14.0 8 1 organizations while developing valuable social, leadership, 23 school year. A “chronic absentee” has been defined in EC
Science 19.0 4 and career-related skills. In some cases, students have the Section 60901(c)(1) as “a pupil who is absent on 10 percent
Social Science 35.0 5 opportunity to earn course credit while performing community or more of the school days in the school year when the total
*Number of classes indicates how many classrooms service work. number of days a pupil is absent is divided by the total number
fall into each size category (a range of total students of days the pupil is enrolled and school was actually taught in
per classroom). At the secondary level, this Student Recognition Programs the regular day schools of the district, exclusive of Saturdays
and Sundays.”
information is reported by subject area rather than Renaissance High School celebrates student success at the
grade level. end of each quarter and at the end of the year for academic
Enrichment Activities
accomplishments, attendance efforts, and good citizenship.
Students who maintain perfect attendance, almost perfect, Students are encouraged to participate in student leadership
most improved attendance and/or accumulate 25 credits (in one and yearbook clubs. Student leadership (Associated Student
quarter) are presented with a certificate and invited to a special Body - ASB) provides students the opportunity to serve as
luncheon at the end of each quarter. Student accomplishments an advisor to school administration, plan campus activities,
by subject area and for significant improvement are recognized coordinate fundraising efforts, and represent the student
by teachers and staff; students who have demonstrated body on the School Site Council. All students are encouraged
academic achievement are presented with a certificate and to participate in quarterly assemblies, field trips, college
invited to the luncheon at the end of each quarter. visitations, United Blood Services, participate in the Ignite
Program, and assist students with the elementary after school
programs. Additionally, all students are encouraged to be
involved in community service activities such as working with
the Santa Paula community organizations in Santa Paula.
Graduation Rate by Student Group (Four-Year Cohort Rate) (2022-23) Dropout and Graduation Rates
Number of (Four-Year Cohort Rate)
Number of Cohort Cohort
Student Group Students in Graduates Graduation Rate RHS
Cohort 19-20 20-21 21-22
All Students 70 63 90 Dropout Rate (%) 3.4 2 4.3
Graduation Rate (%) 69 83.7 90
Female 25 23 92
SPUSD
Male 45 40 88.9 Dropout Rate (%) 2.7 2.8 3.5
Graduation Rate (%) 89.9 89.8 90.1
Non-Binary
CA
American Indian or Alaska Native Dropout Rate (%) 8.9 7.8 4.3
Graduation Rate (%) 84.2 87.0 90.0
Asian
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of
Black or African American students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students
Filipino in this category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect
student privacy.
Hispanic or Latino 68 61 89.7
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander Curriculum &
Two or More Races Instruction
White -- -- --
Staff Development
English Learners 24 21 87.5 All professional development opportunities at Santa Paula
Unified School District are being aligned to the California State
Foster Youth
Standards. Staff development concentrations are selected
Homeless 18 16 88.9 and identified based upon analysis of student performance
on writing rubrics, state assessments, and end-of-unit exams.
Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 68 61 89.7
During the 2021-22, 2022-23, and 2023-24 school years,
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services Santa Paula Unified School District provided the following staff
development:
Students with Disabilities -- -- --
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this Number of School Days/Topics Dedicated to Staff
category is too small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy. Development & Continuous Improvement
Suspensions and Expulsions
For more information on the Four-Year Adjusted Cohort Graduation Rate (ACGR), visit the CDE Adjusted Cohort Graduation Rate web page at 2021-22 0 days
https://www.cde.ca.gov/ds/ad/acgrinfo.asp. RHS SPUSD CA •H ealth Adoption
•C urriculum Development for Agricultural Business
20-21 21-22 22-23 20-21 21-22 22-23 20-21 21-22 22-23
•M DTP Overview
Suspensions 0.00% 3.49% 18.44% 0.02% 3.17% 4.99% 0.20% 4.52% N/A
•C ollege (AVID) Tutor Training
•C PM Teacher Support Training
Expulsions 0.00% 0.00% 0.71% 0.00% 0.07% 0.12% 0.00% 0.21% N/A
•E nglish Language Development
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or fewer, either because the number of students in this category is too
small for statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
Dropouts & Graduation Rates 2022-23 0 days
Suspensions & Expulsions by Student Group (2022-23)
Renaissance High School staff practice early identification ▪ CORE Learning - Literacy Services
Student Group Suspensions Expulsions and intervention of students who exhibit warning signs and/or ▪ CGI Math - Teacher Learning Center
Rate Rate behavioral traits that may lead to dropping out of school. Close
▪ Report Card Entry Training for Q
All Students 18.44% 0.71% monitoring of student credit completion and attendance help
Female 9.80% 1.96% identify those students most at risk of not earning their high school ▪ EL Shadowing
Male 23.33% 0.00% diploma. Intervention strategies used to promote attendance and
reduce dropout rates include parent conferences, counseling,
Non-Binary 0.00% 0.00%
tutoring, Student Study Team referrals, SARB referrals (School 2023-24 2 days
American Indian or Alaska Native 0.00% 0.00%
Attendance Review Board), concurrent enrollment in community
Asian 0.00% 0.00% college classes, and a possible referral to independent study • Project Based Learning with Trevor Muir
Black or African American 0.00% 0.00% programs. In addition, students may be referred to the district’s • Active Intruder Training
Filipino 0.00% 0.00% Mental Health Counselor to provide additional non-academic
Hispanic or Latino 18.38% 0.74% support.
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 0.00% 0.00% Renaissance High participated in staff development days
Two or More Races 0.00% 0.00% Renaissance High School has the ability to enroll students in during the 2022-23 school year. Renaissance High School’s
White 0.00% 0.00% APEX, giving students the ability to take classes online at their teachers participated in collaboration with Santa Paula High
convenience. This allows students to have access to a structured, School teachers to ensure curriculum is aligned. Both schools
English Learners 20.93% 2.33% standards-based program which provides needed coursework participated in Instructional Rounds and staff development
Foster Youth 0.00% 0.00% to quickly remedy credit deficiencies and fulfill graduation during collaboration time. Staff training topics include:
Homeless 6.25% 0.00% requirements.
Socioeconomically Disadvantaged 18.25% 0.79% • English Language Development
Renaissance High School’s Outreach Coordinator is responsible • Project Based Learning
Students Receiving Migrant Education Services 0.00% 0.00% for monitoring daily attendance and identifying students having
Students with Disabilities 0.00% 0.00% difficulties staying in school. When a student’s absences have Many of Renaissance High’s teachers take advantage of
Note: Double dashes (--) appear in the table when the number of students is ten or become excessive, the coordinator contacts the student’s and participate in staff development opportunities offered
fewer, either because the number of students in this category is too small for parent(s)/guardian(s) to discuss barriers interfering with the by county agencies, professional organizations, and state
statistical accuracy or to protect student privacy.
learning process and regular attendance. The Outreach Consultant conferences. Teachers participated in:
schedules conferences with students and their parent(s)/
guardian(s) to conduct a more in depth discussion to remedy • California Continuation Education Association
and improve student performance and attendance concerns. The • Mental Health First Aid
Outreach Coordinator collaborates with the principal and local • Attendance Training
District Attorney’s office to resolve excessive truancy cases. When • Tobacco Use Prevention Education
necessary, students may be requested to attend detention or
Santa Paula Unified School District supports new teachers
Saturday School to make up for excessive absences and missed
in developing their teaching skills and earning a Professional
assignments.
Clear Teaching Credential. The district’s New Teacher
The table in this report includes information for the school site, Induction Consortium, formerly known as the Beginning
district and State on dropouts and graduation rates. Detailed Teacher Support and Assessment (BTSA) program, is
information about dropout rates and graduation rates can be found designed for first- and second-year teachers to receive
on the DataQuest web page at http://dq.cde.ca.gov/dataquest/. structured guidance and support from experienced teachers
over a two-year period.
Renaissance High School 5 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
Teachers specializing in English learner instruction attend local
Textbooks
workshops sponsored by the Ventura County Office of Education.
Classified support staff may receive additional job-related training
from the county office of education. All certificated and classified staff Percent of Pupils Who
participate in district-sponsored training sessions addressing sexual From Most Lack Their Own Assigned
harassment, sexual molestation, and ergonomics. Recent State Textbooks and/or
Year Adopted Adoption? Publisher and Series Instructional Materials
Instructional Materials
All textbooks used in the core curriculum throughout Santa Paula Reading/Language Arts
Unified School District are aligned to the California State Standards. 2008 * Holt, Rinehart, Winston: Literature and Language Arts 0%
Instructional materials are standards-based and approved by the
district’s Board of Trustees. The district follows the State Board of 2018 * Pearson: My Prespectives (ELA) ELD Companion (ELD) 0%
Education’s adoption cycle for core content materials and for textbook * California State University: ERWC (Online) 0%
adoptions in foreign language, visual and performing arts, and health.
Math
On September 27, 2023, the Santa Paula Unified School District’s
2008 * McGraw Hill: Financial Math 0%
Board of Trustees held a public hearing to certify the extent to which
textbooks and instructional materials have been provided to students. 2008 * John Wiley & Sons: Statistics CP 0%
The Board of Trustees adopted Resolution 2023-24:2 Sufficiency of
2011 * Bedford Freeman Worth Publishing Group: Statistics AP 0%
Textbooks or Instructional Materials which certifies as required by
Education Code §60119 that (1) textbooks and instructional materials 2013 * W.H. Freeman and Co.: Calculus 0%
were provided to all students, including English Learners, in the
district to the extent that each student has a textbook or instructional 2016 * CPM: Math Integrated 1-3 0%
materials, or both, to use in class and to take home, which may
Science
include materials in a digital format but shall not include photocopied
sheets from only a portion of a textbook or instructional materials 2014 * It's About Time: Global Science 0%
copied to address a shortage (2) all students who are enrolled in the
same course within the district, have standards-aligned textbooks 2008 * McGraw-Hill Glencoe: Biology CP 0%
or instructional materials from the same adoption cycle, 3) sufficient 2013 * McGraw Hill: Biology AP 0%
textbooks and instructional materials were provided to each student,
including English Learners, that are aligned to the academic 2015 * It's About Time: Chemistry 0%
content standards and consistent with the cycles and content of the
2014 * It's About Time: Physics 0%
curriculum frameworks in math, science, history-social science, and
English/language arts, including the English language development 2008 * Pearson: Anatomy 0%
component of an adopted program, and 4) sufficient textbooks
or instructional materials were provided to each student enrolled 2010 * McGraw-Hill: Zoology 0%
in foreign language or health classes, and 5) laboratory science
2014 * W.H. Freeman and Co.: Environmental AP 0%
equipment was available for science laboratory classes offered in
grades 9-12, inclusive.
* GW: Anatomy CTE 0%
In addition to the core subject areas, districts are required to disclose
* McGraw Hill: Sports Medicine 0%
in this annual report the sufficiency of instructional materials used for
its visual/performing arts curricula. During the 2023-24 school year, Social Science
Santa Paula Unified School District provided all students enrolled in
a visual/performing arts class with their own instructional materials 2019 * McGraw Hill: World History 0%
or supplemental materials to use in class and to take home. These
2019 * McGraw Hill: American Government 0%
materials comply with the state’s content standards and curriculum
frameworks. 2019 * McGraw Hill: Economics 0%
Santa Paula Unified School District utilizes supplemental materials in 2019 * National Geographic: US History 0%
addition to the science textbooks in order to meet state standards.
2011 * Pearson Prentice Hall: Criminal Justice 0%
School Leadership
2008 * Houghton Mifflin: AP US History 0%
Leadership at Renaissance High School is provided by the site
principal with the support of all other staff members. Renaissance 2014 * Worth Publishing: Psychology CP 0%
High School’s principal, Dr. Lydia Olivo, is responsible for the day- 2015 * Cengage Learning: Psychology AP 0%
to-day operations of the school, working closely with all school
staff to align curriculum to state content standards and to provide a 2014 * Pearson Prentice Hall: Sociology 0%
comprehensive curriculum to meet current students’ needs and state * BFW: AP US History 0%
course requirements.
* Cengage: Euro History AP 0%
The School Site Council (SSC) meets monthly and is composed
* Cengage: AP American Government 0%
of school staff, parents, and students. As a major governing
body, the SSC is responsible for monitoring school programs and Foreign Language
compliance with Renaissance High School’s Single Plan for Student 2023 * Carnegie Learning: En Alta Voz 1, 2 0%
Achievement, approving the school safety plan, and overseeing the
school budget. Council members serve as a liaison between the 2018 * Vista Higher Learning: Temas (Spanish AP) 0%
school and community.
2016 * Vista Higher Learning: Senderos Level 1, 2 & 3 0%
Specialized Instruction
Health
All curriculum and instruction are aligned to the California State
2022 * McGraw Hill: Glencoe Health 0%
Standards approved by the State Board of Education. Every student
receives access to a rigorous, well-balanced standards-aligned
curriculum. The district provides chrome books to all students English Learners
as part of a 1:1 technology initiative and supports the utilization of Students identified as English Learners (EL) through the ELPAC (English Language Proficiency Assessments for California)
Google suite to enhance student learning. Renaissance High School exam received scaffolded instruction from all classroom teachers. Based on ELPAC scores, students in the intermediate or
structures its educational program so that all students receive advanced levels of learning English are priority for enrolling in our high school program. Teachers differentiate instruction
instruction appropriate to their learning level. To ensure the success and incorporate SDAIE (Specially Designed Academic Instruction in English) strategies into their instructional practices for
of every student, teachers use a variety of instructional techniques all subject areas. SDAIE is a method of teaching As students increase in their language proficiency, progress is measured
using research-based instructional materials and strategies. through classroom performance and ELPAC results. Individualized instruction is adjusted to meet the current learning
Special Education needs of each student.
Special Education students are mainstreamed into the general Migrant Education
education classroom as appropriate based upon their IEP (Individual Students whose parents are employed in the agricultural field and have high mobility rates qualify for Santa Paula Unified’s
Education Plan). Each student is assigned a case manager to Migrant Education Services. Academic progress monitoring, academic support, and health and welfare services are
oversee the implementation of the IEP. Special Education includes available as well as referrals to local community service/assistance agencies. Students have access to PASS, a credit
a continuum of services to be provided to each student in the least recovery program specially designed for students who are unable to maintain consistent enrollment in one school. At
restrictive learning environment. The special education program the district level, parenting classes are offered to provide basic information and training on how to support the academic
ensures that students with disabilities have access to core curriculum process at home.
and educational opportunities in light of their individual unique needs.
Renaissance High School 6 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
At Risk Interventions Teachers Without Credentials and Misassignments
Renaissance High School supports intervention programs to meet (Considered "Ineffective" under ESSA) / 2020-21 2021-22
the needs of those students not meeting state proficiency standards in Authorization/Assignment
English Language Arts and Math. Student study teams composed of
Permits and Waivers 0 0
the principal, counselor, teachers, and parents work together to identify
individualized intervention strategies to monitor progress of students Misassignments 0 1
having difficulty with academic or social development. Vacant Positions 0 0
• We established a daily Advisory Period where students may get Total Teachers Without Credentials and Misassignments 0 1
additional support within the school day 4x a week.
• Credit Recovery and APEX, web-based programs, enable students to
complete coursework at their own pace to either “catch up” or “speed up” Credentialed Teachers Assigned Out-of-Field
progress in earning course credits. 2020-21 2021-22
(Considered "out-of-Field" under ESSA) / Indicator
• SARB (School Attendance Review Board) resources are accessed
when students and their parents need more focused assistance in Credentialed Teachers Authorized on a Permit or Waiver 0 0
correcting truancy-related issues and redirecting academic progress.
Local Assignment Options 0.8 1.1
• Response to Intervention (RtI): instructional model which provides
teachers with the skills and knowledge to differentiate curriculum, Total Out-of-Field Teachers 0.8 1.1
collaborate more effectively using student performance data, and
appropriately modify instruction to improve student performance.
Class Assignments / Indicator 2020-21 2021-22
College Preparation &
Misassignments for English Learners (a percentage of all the classes
0 22.2
Career Readiness with English learners taught by teachers that are misassigned)
Upon enrollment, the school counselor introduces students to district No credential, permit or authorization to teacher (a percentage of all
graduation requirements, post-secondary choices, and local programs the classes taught by teachers with no record of an authorization to 2.7 0
available to students who are interested in getting a head start on the teach)
college preparation and work readiness process. Parents participate in
this initial meeting to help establish an academic plan to meet graduation Note: For more information, refer to the Updated Teacher Equity Definitions web page at
https://www.cde.ca.gov/pd/ee/teachereqauitydefinitions.asp
requirements as well as prepare for post-high school career goals.
The counselor closely monitors student progress in meeting personal School Year 2020-21
goals and credit completion requirements for graduation. Students may
participate in career and post-secondary planning activities, career fairs, Teacher Preparation and Placement / School School District District State State
college field trips, career interest surveys, ASVAB testing, and college Authorization/Assignment # % # % # %
entrance exams offered either through Renaissance or Santa Paula High Fully (Preliminary or Clear) Credentialed for
School. Guest speakers from PathPoint, military, colleges, parent and Subject and Student Placement (properly 4.1 72.35 208.2 90.65 228366.1 83.12
student FAFSA night, and ITT visit the campus throughout the year to assigned)
share the advantages and opportunities available for career training. Intern Credential Holders Properly Assigned 0 0 1 0.44 4205.9 1.53
College Preparation Courses Teachers Without Credentials and 0 0 6.9 3.04 11216.7 4.08
Students are encouraged to take required courses if they plan on Misassignments ("ineffective" under ESSA)
attending a four-year college or university. Renaissance High School Credentialed Teachers Assigned Out-of-Field 0.8 14.43 3.2 1.4 12115.8 4.41
("out-of-field" under ESSA)
offers only those classes needed to acquire a high school diploma from
the Santa Paula Unified School District; however, Renaissance High Unknown 0.7 12.87 10.2 4.47 18854.3 6.86
School is in the process of ensuring some of the courses offered receive
Total Teaching Positions 5.7 100 229.7 100 274759.1 100
UC/CSU approval. Students may enroll in college prep courses through
the community college or online resources.
School Year 2021-22
University of California Admission Requirements:
Admission requirements for the University of California (UC) follow Teacher Preparation and Placement / School School District District State State
guidelines set forth in the Master Plan, which requires that the top one- Authorization/Assignment # % # % # %
eighth of the state’s high school graduates, as well as those transfer
Fully (Preliminary or Clear) Credentialed for
students who have successfully completed specified college work, be
Subject and Student Placement (properly 3.7 61.56 213.6 89.46 234405.2 84
eligible for admission to the UC. These requirements are designed to assigned)
ensure that all eligible students are adequately prepared for University-
Intern Credential Holders Properly Assigned 0 0 2.8 1.19 4853 1.74
level work. For general admissions requirements please visit the
Teachers Without Credentials and
University of California web site at www.universityofcalifornia.edu/ 1 16.64 12.8 5.38 12001.5 4.3
Misassignments ("ineffective" under ESSA)
admissions/general.html. Credentialed Teachers Assigned Out-of-Field
1.1 19.13 2.2 0.93 11953.1 4.28
("out-of-field" under ESSA)
California State University Admission Requirements:
Unknown 0.1 2.66 7.2 3.03 15831.9 5.67
Admission requirements for the California State University (CSU) use three
factors to determine eligibility. They are specific high school courses; grades Total Teaching Positions 6 100 238.7 100 279044.8 100
in specified courses and test scores; and graduation from high school. Some Note: The data in this table is based on Full Time Equivalent (FTE) status. One FTE equals one staff member working full time;
campuses have higher standards for particular majors or students who live one FTE could also represent two staff members who each work 50 percent of full time. Additionally, an assignment is defined
outside the local campus area. Because of the number of students who as a position that an educator is assigned to based on setting, subject, and grade level. An authorization is defined as the
apply, a few campuses have higher standards (supplementary admission services that an educator is authorized to provide to students.
criteria) for all applicants. Most CSU campuses utilize local admission Career Readiness
guarantee policies for students who graduate or transfer from high schools
School-to-career plans integrate academic studies with real work applications and work-based learning experiences
and colleges that are historically served by a CSU campus in that region. For
through a partnership between teachers, parents, students, and local businesses. Students are introduced to the work
general admissions requirements please visit the California State University
experience program, Career Education Center (CEC), and workability programs. Career education courses comply
web site at www.calstate.edu/admission/.
with state-adopted content standards and are integrated into the student’s four-year academic plan as core curriculum
and elective courses. Individual student assessment of work readiness skills takes place through end-of-course exams,
course-required projects, and on-the-job/classroom observation. Community partnerships and course instructors provide
Enrollment in and Completion of
feedback on student progress following an established schedule based on program type.
UC/CSU-Required Courses
Ventura Community College Job Developer representatives visit Santa Paula and Renaissance High each year. Students
%
are invited to a presentation promoting career awareness and opportunities through guest speaker presentations.
2022-23 Pupils Enrolled in UC/CSU Courses Under the terms of an articulation agreement between the district and Ventura Community College, students enrolled in
Renaissance High’s Computer Art & Graphics course and/or Computer Technology course may earn college units as well
Required for UC/CSU Admission 100 as high school credit.
Work experience students are partnered with community organizations and employers that provide on-the-job training
2021-22 Graduates Who Completed All and mentoring for students 16 years and older. Work experience students receive guidance and supervision designed to
Courses Required for UC/CSU Admission 0 ensure maximum educational benefit from part-time job placement. For more information, contact the school counselor.
Workability provides work experience opportunities outside the school day that meet the students’ interests and aptitudes
while providing real-world job experience prior to graduation. The program is available to all students with disabilities who
have an Individualized Education Plan.
Renaissance High School 7 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
Career Education Center (CEC) are offered in partnership with • COVID Relief Funding
the Ventura County Office of Education. A variety of ROP courses Academic Counselors and • Education Protection Account
are available to help prepare high school students (16 years and Other Support Staff • Educator Effectiveness
older) for entry-level employment, upgrading current job skills, or • Expanded Learning Opportunities Program
obtaining more advanced levels of education. ROP courses are 2022-23 • Learning Communities for School Success Program
held at the Camarillo Airport Campus; free bus transportation is • Lottery: Instructional Materials
provided. No. of • On-Behalf Pension Contributions
Professional Staff Staff FTE* • Other Federal Funds
• Other Local: Locally Defined
Teacher Preparation and Academic Counselor 1 1.0 • Partnership Academies Program
• Special Education
Credentials Health Aide As needed • Special Education Early Intervention Preschool Grant
The charts in this report identify the number of teachers at Psychologist As needed • State COVID Relief Funding
Renaissance High School, Santa Paula Unified School District and • State Lottery
the State who are 1) fully credentialed; 2) intern credential holders Speech & Language Specialist As needed • Strong Workforce Program
who are properly assigned; 3) teachers without credentials and Campus Security Officers 1 1.0 • Title I, II, III
misassignments; and 4) credentialed teachers who are assigned • Tobacco Use Prevention Education
out-of-field under ESSA. Outreach Consultant 1 1.0
District Mental Health Counselor As needed SARC Data & Internet
The charts also reports Renaissance High School’s information
related to 1) the number of teachers on permits and waivers; 2) *One Full Time Equivalent (FTE) equals one staff Access
the number misassigned; 3) the number of vacant positions; 4) member working full time; one FTE could also
the number of credentialed teachers authorized on a permit or represent two staff members who each work 50% of DataQuest
waiver; 5) the number of local assignment options; 6) the percent full time. DataQuest is an online data tool located on the CDE
of misassignments for English Learners; and 7) the percent with no
DataQuest web page at https://dq.cde.ca.gov/dataquest/
credential, permit or authorization to teach. Teacher and Administrative Salaries
that contains additional information about Renaissance High
2021-22 School and comparisons of the school to the district and the
Support Services Staff county. Specifically, DataQuest is a dynamic system that
Renaissance High’s non-teaching support services staff is a provides reports for accountability (e.g., test data, enrollment,
specialized team of experts who, through close collaboration, is high school graduates, dropouts, course enrollments, staffing,
instrumental in improving student attendance and achievement State Average and data regarding English learners).
through the identification, referral, and remediation of health and/or of Districts in
emotional concerns. The counselor provides academic and career SPUSD Same Category California School Dashboard
counseling, assistance with class registration, advice on how to be The California School Dashboard (Dashboard) https://
successful in the classroom, and social development assistance. Beginning Teacher Salary 54,882 50,875 www.caschooldashboard.org/ reflects California’s new
The district’s psychologist is available as needed to assist with Mid-Range Teacher Salary 81,268 79,761 accountability and continuous improvement system
academic, social, and emotional issues, provides assessments to Highest Teacher Salary 102,666 103,045 and provides information about how LEAs and schools
determine eligibility for special education services, and participates Average Principal Salaries: are meeting the needs of California’s diverse student
in the IEP process. Speech and occupational therapist services Elementary School 126,001 128,154 population. The Dashboard contains reports that display the
are provided on an individual basis as determined by student performance of LEAs, schools, and student groups on a set
needs and IEPs. Middle School 130,642 131,774 of state and local measures to assist in identifying strengths,
High School 144,686 142,676 challenges, and areas in need of improvement.
Superintendent Salary 220,000 211,462
District Expenditures
Percentage of Budget For: Internet
Salary & Budget Comparison Teacher Salaries 30.76 30.11 Internet access is available at public libraries and other
State law requires comparative salary and budget information Administrative Salaries 4.87 5.49 locations that are publicly accessible (e.g., the California State
to be reported to the general public. For comparison purposes, Library). Access to the Internet at libraries and public locations
the State Department of Education has provided average salary For detailed information on salaries, see the CDE Certificated is generally provided on a first-come, first served basis. Other
data from school districts having similar average daily attendance Salaries & Benefits Web page at http://www.cde.ca.gov/ds/fd/cs/. use restrictions may include the hours of operation, the
throughout the state. length of time that a workstation may be used (depending on
availability), the types of software programs available on a
Expenditures Per Student
workstation and the ability to print documents.
For the 2021-22 school year, Santa Paula Unified School District spent an average of $18,320 of total general funds to educate each
student (based on 2021-22 audited financial statements). The table in this report: 1) compares the school’s per pupil expenditures
from unrestricted (basic) and restricted (supplemental) sources with other schools in the district and throughout the state, and
2) compares the average teacher salary at the school site with average teacher salaries at the district and state levels. Detailed
information regarding expenditures and salaries can be found at the CDE website at www.cde.ca.gov/ds/fd/ec/ and www.cde.ca.gov/
ds/fd/cs/. (The figures shown in the table below reflect the direct cost of educational services, per ADA, excluding food services,
facilities acquisition and construction, and certain other expenditures.)
Expenditures Per Pupil and School Site Teachers Salaries
2021-22
Dollars Spent Per Student
% Difference - State Average for
School and Districts of Same % Difference -
Expenditures Per Pupil RHS SPUSD District Size and Type School and State
Total Restricted and Unrestricted 12,837 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Restricted (Supplemental) 1,636 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Unrestricted (Basic) 11,200 9,246 121.1% 7,607 147.2%
Average Teacher Salary 78,672 85,611 N/A 81,984 N/A
Note: Cells with N/A values do not require data.
In addition to general fund state funding, Santa Paula Unified School District receives state and federal categorical funding for
special programs. For the 2021-22 school year, the District received federal, state, and local aid for the following categorical, Special
Education, and support programs:
• A-G Completion Grant
• Agricultural Career Technical Education Incentive
• After School Education & Safety (ASES)
• Career and Technical Education Programs
• Career Technical Education Incentive Grant Program
• Child Nutrition: Kitchen Infrastructure Upgrade Funds
• Classified School Employee Summer Assistance Program
Renaissance High School 8 2022-23 School Accountability Report Card
